NOTE
If HAVE left out a few passages in The Celtic Twilight,
II which was first published in 1893. The Stories of Red
H anrahCfn were published with the stories now called
The Secret Rose and Rosa Alchemica in a book called
The Secret Rose in 1897, and they owe much of their
merit to Lady Gregory. They were, as first published,
written in that artificial, elaborate English so many of
us played with in the 'nineties, and I had come to hate
them. When I was changing the first story in the light
of a Sligo tale about 'a wild old man in flannel' who
could change a pack of cards into the likeness of a pack
of hounds, I asked Lady Gregory's help. We worked
together, first upon that tale, and, after, upon all the
others, she now suggesting a new phrase or thought,
and now I, till all had been put into that simple English
she had learned from her Galway countrymen, and the
thought had come closer to the life of the people. If
their style has merit now, that merit is mainly hers. Dr.
Hyde had already founded the first Gaelic play ever
performed in a theatre upon one of the stories, and but
the other day Lady Gregory made a ijanrahan play
upon an incident of her own invention. The Tables of
the Law and The Adoration of the Magi were intended
to be part of The Secret Rose, but the publisher, A. H.
Bullen, took a distaste to them and asked me to leave
them out, and then after the book was published liked
them and put them into a little volume by themselves.
In these, as in most of the other stories, I have left
out or rewritten a passage here and there.
W. B. YEATS

THE CELTIC TWILIGHT
r893
A TELLER OF TALES
MANY OF THE TALES in this book were told me by
one Paddy Flynn, a little bright-eyed old man,
who liv.ed in a leaky and one-roomed cabin in the village
of BalIisodare, which is, he was wont to say, 'the
most gentle'-whereby he meant faery-'place in the
whole of County Sligo.' Others hold it, however, but
second to Drumcliff and Dromahair. The first time I
saw him he was bent above the fire with a can of mushrooms
at his side; the next time he was asleep under a
hedge, smiling in his sleep. He was indeed always cheerful,
though I thought I could see in his eyes (swift as
the eyes of a rabbit, when they peered out of their
wrinkled holes) a melancholy which was well nigh a
portion of their joy; the visionary melancholy of purely
instinctive natures and of all animals.
And yet there was much in his life to depress him,
for in the triple solitude of age, eccentricity, and deafness,
he went about much pestered by children. It was
for this very reason perhaps that he ever recommended
mirth and hopefulness. He was fond, for instance, of
telling how Columcille cheered up his·mother. 'How
are you to-day, mother?' said the saint. 'Worse,' replied
the mother. 'May you be worse to-morrow,' said
the saint. The next day Columcille came again, and
exactly the same conversation took place, but the third
day the mother said, 'Better, thank God.' And the saint
replied, 'May you be better to-morrow.' He was fond
too of telling how the Judge smiles at the Last Day alike
when he rewards the good and condemns the lost to
unceasing flames. He had many strange sights to keep
him cheerful or to make him sad. I asked him had he
ever seen the faeries, and got the reply, 'Am I not annoyed
with them?' I asked too if he had ever seen the
banshee. 'I have seen it,' he said, 'down there by the
water, batting the river with its hands.'
6
'Belief and Unbelief
BELIEF AND UNBELIEF
THERE are some doubters even in the western villages.
One woman told me last Christmas that she did not
believe either in Hell or in ghosts. Hell was an invention
got up by the priest to keep people good; and ghosts
would not be permitted, she held, to go 'trapsin' about
the earth' at their own free will; 'but there are faeries
and little leprechauns, and water-horses, and fallen
angels.' I have met also a man with a Mohawk Indian
tattooed upon his arm, who held exactly similar beliefs
and unbeliefs. No matter what one doubts, one never
doubts the faeries, for, as the man with the Mohawk
Indian on his arm said, 'they stand to reason.'
A little girl who was at service in the village of
Grange, close under the seaward slopes of Ben Bulben,
suddenly disappeared one night about three years ago.
There was at once great excitement in the neighbourhood,
because it was rumoured that the faeries had
taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled
to hold her from them, but at last they ... prevailed, and
he found nothing in his hands but a broom-stick. The
local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted
a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised
the people to burn all the bucalauns (ragweed) on the
field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to
the faeries. They spent the whole night burning them,
the constable repeating spells the while. In the morning
the little girl was found wandering in the field. She
said the faeries had taken her away a great distance,
riding on a faery horse. At last she saw a big river, and
7
CJ'he Celtic CJ'wilight
the man who had tried to keep her from being carried
off was drifting down it-such are the topsy turvydoms
of faery glamour-in a cockle-shell. On the way
her companions had mentioned the names of several
people who were to die shortly in the village.
8
cVI-1orlal Help
MORTAL HELP
ONE he~rs in the old poems of men taken away to help
the gods in a battle, and Cuchulain won the goddess
F and for a while, by helping her married sister and her
sister's husband to overthrow another nation of the
Land of Promise. I have been told, too, that the people
of Faery cannot even play at hurley unless they have on
either side some mortal, whose body-or whatever has
been put in its place, as the story-teller would say-is
asleep at home. Without mortal help they are shadowy
and cannot even strike the balls. One day I was walking
over some marshy land in Galway with a friend when
we found an old, hard-featured man digging a ditch.
My friend had heard that this man had seen a wonderful
sight of some kind, and at last we got the story out
of him. When he was a boy he was working one day
with about thirty men and women and boys. They
were beyond T uam and not far from Knocknagur.
Presently they saw, all thirty of them, and at a distance
of about half a mile, some hundred alO1.d fifty of the
people of Faery. There were two of them, he said, in
dark clothes like people of our own time, who stood
about a hundred yards from one another, but the others
wore clothes of all colours, 'bracket' or chequered, and
some had red waistcoats.
He could not see what they were doing, but all might
have been playing hurley, for 'they looked as if it was
that.' Sometimes they would vanish, and then he 'would
almost swear' they came back out of the bodies of the
two men in dark clothes. These two men were of the
9
The Celtic Twilight
size of living men, but the others were small. He saw
them for about half an hour, and then the old man he
and those about him were working for took up a whip
and said, 'Get on, get on, or we will have no work
done!' I asked if he saw the faeries too. '0 yes, but he
did not want work he was paying wages for to be neglected.'
He made everybody work so hard that nobody
saw what happened to the faeries.
I902
10
eA. Visionary
A VISIONARY
A YOUN9 man came to see me at my lodgings the other
night, and began to talk of the making of the earth and
the heavens and much else. I questioned him about his
life and his doings. He had written many poems and
painted many mystical designs since we met last, but
latterly had neither written nor painted, for his whole
heart was set upon making his character vigorous and
calm, and the emotional life of the artist was bad for
him, he feared. He recited his poems readily, however.
He had them all in his memory. Some indeed had never
been written down. Suddenly it seemed to me that he
was peering about him a little eagerly. 'Do you see anything,
X--?' I said. 'A shining, winged woman,
covered by her long hair, is standing near the doorway,'
he answered, or some such words. 'Is it the influence
of some living person who thinks of us, and whose
thoughts appear to us in that symbolic form?' I said;
for I am well instructed in the ways of the visionaries
and in the fashion of their speech. 'No,' ~e replied; 'for
if it were the thoughts of a person who is alive I should
feel the living influence in my living body, and my
heart would beat and my breath would fail. It is a
spirit. It is some one who is dead or who has never
lived.'
I asked what he was doing, and found he was clerk
in a large shop. His pleasure, however, was to wander
nbout upon the hills, talking to half-mad and visionary
peasants, or to persuade queer and conscience-stricken
persons to deliver up the keeping of their troubles into
II
cr he Celtic cr wilight
his care. Another night, when I was with him in his
own lodging, more than one turned up to talk over
their beliefs and disbeliefs, and sun them as it were in
the subtle light of his mind. Sometimes visions come
to him as he talks with them, and he is rumoured to
have told divers people true matters of their past days
and distant friends, and left them hushed with dread of
their strange teacher, who seems scarce more than a
boy, and is so much more subtle than the oldest among
them.
The poetry he recited me was full of his nature and
his visions. Sometimes it told of other lives he believes
himself to have lived in other centuries, sometimes of
people he had talked to, revealing them to their own
minds. I told him I would write an article upon him and
it, and was told in turn that I might do so if I did not
mention his name, for he wished to be always 'unknown,
obscure, impersonal.' Next day a bundle of his poems
arrived, and with them a note in these words: 'Here are
copies of verses you said you liked. I do not think I
could ever wi-he or paint any more. I prepare myself
for a cycle of other activities in some other life. I will
make rigid my roots and branches. It is not now my
turn to burst into leaves and flowers.'
The poems were all endeavours to capture some
high, impalpable mood in a net of obscure images.
There were fine passages in all, but these were often
embedded in thoughts which have evidently a special
value to his mind, but are to other men the counters of
an unknown coinage. At other times the beauty of the
thought was obscured by careless writing as though he
12
e./l Visionary
had suddenly doubted if writing was not a foolish
labour. He had frequently illustrated his verses with
drawings, in which an imperfect anatomy did not altogether
smother a beauty of feeling. The faeries in
whom he believes have given him many subjects, notably
Thomas of Ercildoune sitting motionless in the
twilight while a young and beautiful creature leans
softly out of the shadow and whispers in his ear. He
had delighted above all in strong effects of colour:
spirits who have upon their heads instead of hair the
feathers of peacocks; a phantom reaching from a swirl
of flame towards a star; a spirit passing with a globe of
iridescent crystal-symbol of the soul-half shut within
his hand. But always under this largess of colour lay
some appeal to human sympathy. This appeal draws
to him all those who, like himself, seek for illumination
or else mourn for a joy that has gone. One of these especially
comes to mind. A winter or two ago he spent
much of the night walking up and down upon the
mountain talking to an old peasant who, dumb to most
men, poured out his cares for him. Both were unhappy:
X-- because he had then first decided that art and
poetry were not for him, and the old peasant because
his life was ebbing out with no achievement remaining
and no hope left him. The peasant was wandering in his
mind with prolonged sorrow. Once he burst out with,
'God possesses the heavens-God possesses the heavens
-but He covets the world'; and once he lamented
that his old neighbours were gone, and that all had
forgotten him: they used to draw a chair to the fire
for him in every cabin, and now they said, 'Who is that
The Celtic Twilight
old fellow there?' 'The fret' (Irish for doom) 'is over
me,' he repeated, and then went on to talk once more
of God and Heaven. More than once also he said, waving
his arm towards the mountain, 'Only myself knows
what happened under the thorn-tree forty years ago';
and as he said it the tears upon his face glistened in the
moonlight.
14
Village Cj hosts
VILLAGE GHOSTS
THE ancient map-makers wrote across unexplored
regions, "Here are lions.' Across the villages of fishermen
and turners of the earth, so different are these from
us, we can write but one line that is certain, 'Here are
ghosts.'
My ghosts inhabit the village of H--, in Leinster.
History has in no manner been burdened by this ancient
village, with its crooked lanes, its old abbey churchyard
full of long grass, its green background of small
fir-trees, and its quay, where lie a few tarry fishingluggers.
In the annals of entomology it is well known.
F or a small bay lies westward a little, where he who
watches night after night may see a certain rare moth
fluttering along the edge of the tide, just at the end of
evening or the beginning of dawn. A hundred years
ago it was carried here from Italy by smugglers in a
cargo of silks and laces. If the moth-hunter would
throw down his net, and go hunting for ghost tales or
tales of those children of Lilith we call faeries, he would
have need for far less patience.
To approach the village at night a timid man requires
great strategy. A man was once heard complaining,
'By the Cross of Jesus! how shall I go? If I pass by the
hill of Dunboy old Captain Burney may look out on
me. If I go round by the water, and up by the steps,
there is the headless one and another on the quays, and
.. new one under the old churchyard wall. If I go right
round the other way, Mrs. Stewart is appearing at Hillside
Gate, and the Devil himself is in the Hospital Lane.'
15
'Tbe Celtic'Twiligbt
I never heard which spirit he braved, but feel sure it
was not the one in the Hospital Lane. In cholera times a
shed had been there set up to receive patients. \yhen the
need had gone by, it was pulled down, but ever since
the ground where it stood has broken out in ghosts
and demons and faeries. There is a farmer at H--,
Paddy B-- by name, a man of great strength, and
a teetotaller. His wife and sister-in-law, musing on
his great strength, often wonder what he would do if
he drank. One night, when passing through the Hospital
Lane, he saw what he supposed at first to be a tame
rabbit; after a little he found that it was a white cat.
When he came near, the creature slowly began to swell
larger and larger, and as it grew he felt his own strength
ebbing away, as though it were sucked out of him. He
turned and ran.
By the Hospital Lane goes the 'Faeries' Path.' Every
evening they travel from the hill to the sea, from the
sea to the hill. At the sea end of their path stands a
cottage. One night Mrs. Arbunathy, who lived there,
left her door4'Open, as she was expecting her son. Her
husband was asleep by the fire; a tall man came in and
sat beside him. After he had been sitting there for a
while, the woman said, 'In the name of God, who are
you?' He got up and went out, saying, 'Never leave the
door open at this hour, or evil may come to you.' She
woke her husband and told him. 'One of the Good
People has been with us,' said he.
Probably the man braved Mrs. Stewart at Hillsid-e
Gate. When she lived she was the wife of the Protestant
clergyman. 'Her ghost was never known to harm any
16
Village ghosts
one,' say the village people; 'it is only doing penance
upon the earth.' Not far from Hillside Gate, where she
haunted, appeared for a short time a much more remarkabl~
spirit. Its haunt was the boreen, a green lane
leading from the western end of the village. In a cottage
at the village end of the boreen lived a house-painter,
Jim Montgomery, and his wife. They had several children.
He was a little dandy, and came of a higher class
than his neighbours. His wife was a very big woman;
but he, who had been expelled from the village choir
for drink, gave her a beating one day. Her sister heard
of it, and came and took down one of the window
shutters-Montgomery was neat about everything,
and had shutters on the outside of every window-and
beat him with it, being big and strong like her sister.
He threatened to prosecute her; she answered that she
would break every bone in his body ifhe did. She never
spoke to her sister again, because she had allowed herself
to be beaten by so small a man. Jim Montgomery
grew worse and worse: his wife before long had not
enough to eat, but she would tell no one, for she was
very proud. Often, too, she would have no fire on a
cold night. If any neighbours came in she would say
she had let the fire out because she was just going to
bed. The people often heard her husband beating her,
but she never told anyone. She got very thin. At last
one Saturday there was no food in the house for herself
and the children. She could bear it no longer, and
went to the priest and asked him for some money. He
gave her thirty shillings. Her husband met her, and
took the money, and beat her. On the following
17
rhe Celtic r wilight
Monday she got very ill, and sent for a Mrs. Kelly. Mrs.
Kelly, as soon as she saw her, said, 'My woman, you
are dying,' and sent for the priest and th~ doctor.
She died in an hour. After her death, as Montgomery
neglected the children, the landlord had them taken to
the workhouse. A few nights after they had gone, Mrs.
Kelly was going home through the boreen when the
ghost of Mrs. Montgomery appeared and followed her.
It did not leave her until she reached her own house.
She told the priest, Father S--, a noted antiquarian,
and could not get him to believe her. A few nights
afterwards Mrs. Kelly again met the spirit in the same
place. She was in too great terror to go the whole way,
hut stopped at a neighbour's cottage midway, and
asked them to let her in. They answered they were going
to bed. She cried out, 'In the name of God let me
in, or I will break open the door.' They opened, and so
she escaped from the ghost. Next day she told the priest
again. This time he believed, and said it would follow
her until she spoke to it.
She met tke spirit a third time in the boreen. She
asked what kept it from its rest. The spirit said that its
children must be taken from the workhouse, for none
of its relations were ever there before, and that three
masses were to be said for the repose of its soul. 'If my
husband does not believe you,' she said, 'show him
that,' and touched Mrs. Kelly's wrist with three fingers.
The places where they touched swelled up and blackened.
She then vanished. For a time MontgomeI"'J
would not believe that his wife had appeared. 'She
would not show herself to Mrs. Kelly,' he said-'she
18
Village q hosts
with respectable people to appear to.' He was convinced
by the three marks, and the children were taken from
the workhouse. The priest said the masses, and the
shade must have been at rest, for it has not since appeared.
Some time afterwards Jim Montgomery died in
the workhouse, having come to great poverty through
drink.
I know some who believe they have seen the headless
ghost upon the quay, and one who, when he passes
the old cemetery wall at night, sees a woman with white
borders to her capl creep out and follow him. The
apparition only leaves him at his own door. The villagers
imagine that she follows him to avenge some
wrong. 'I will haunt you when I die' is a favourite
threat. His wife was once half scared to death by what
she considers a demon in the shape of a dog.
These are a few of the open-air spirits; the more
domestic of their tribe gather within-doors, plentiful
as swallows under southern eaves.
One night a Mrs. Nolan was watching by her dying
child in Fluddy's Lane. Suddenly there was a sound of
knocking heard at the door. She did not open, fearing
it was some unhuman thing that knocked. The knocking
ceased. After a little the front door and then the
back door were burst open, and closed again. Her husband
went to see what was wrong. He found both doors
bolted. The child died. The doors were again opened
I I wonder why she had white borders to her cap. The old Mayo
woman, who has told me so many tales, has told me that her brother- • in-law saw 'a woman with white borders to her cap going round the
stacks in a field, and soon after he got a hurt, and he died in six
months.'
Tbe Celtic T wiligbt
and closed as before. Then Mrs. Nolan remembered that
she had forgotten to leave window or door open, as the
custom is, for the departure of the soul. These strange
openings and closings and knockings were warnings
and reminders from the spirits who attend the dying.
The house ghost is usually a harmless and wellmeaning
creature. It is put up with as long as possible.
It brings good luck to those who live with it. I remember
two children who slept with their mother and sisters
and brothers in one small room. In the room was
also a ghost. They sold herrings in the Dublin streets,
and did not mind the ghost much, because they knew
they would always sell their fish easily while they slept
in the 'ha'nted' room.
I have some acquaintance among the ghost-seers of
western villages. The Connacht tales are very different
from those of Leinster. These H--spirits have a
gloomy, matter-of-fact way with them. They come to
announce a death, to fulfil some obligation, to revenge
a wrong, to pay their bills even-as did a fisherman's
daughter thedJther day-and then hasten to their rest.
All things they do decently and in order. It is demons,
and not ghosts, that transform themselves into white
cats or black dogs. The people who tell the tales are
poor, serious-minded fishing-people, who find in the
doings of the ghosts the fascination of fear. In the
western tales is a whimsical grace, a curious extravagance.
The people who recount them live in the most
wild and beautiful scenery, under a sky ever loaded and
fantastic with flying clouds. They are farmers and
labourers, who do a little fishing now and then. They
20
Village ghosts
do not fear the spirits too much to feel an artistic and
humorous pleasure in their doings. The ghosts themselves
share their hilarity. In one western town, on
whose deserted wharf the grass grows, these spirits
have so much vigour, I have been told, that, when a
misbeliever ventured to sleep in a haunted house, they
Bung him through the window, and his bed after him.
In the surrounding villages they adopt strange disguises.
A dead old gentleman steals the cabbages of his
own garden in the shape of a large rabbit. A wicked seacaptain
stayed for years inside the plaster of a cottage
wall, in the shape of a snipe, making the most horrible
noises. He was only dislodged when the wall was
broken down; then out of the solid plaster the snipe
rushed away whistling.
2I
r he Celtic r wilight
'DUST HATH CLOSED HELEN'S EYE'
I
I HAVE been lately to a little group of houses, not many
enough to be called a village, in the barony of Kiltartan
in County Galway, whose name, Ballylee, is known
through all the west of Ireland. There is the old square
castle, I Ballylee, inhabited by a farmer and his wife, and
a cottage where their daughter and their son-in-law live,
and a little mill with an old miller, and old ash-trees
throwing green shadows upon a little river and great
stepping-stones. I went there two or three times last
year to talk to the miller about Biddy Early, a wise
woman that lived in Clare some years ago, and about
her saying, 'There is a cure for all evil between the two
mill-wheels of Ballylee,' and to find out from him or
another whether she meant the moss between the running
waters or some other herb. I have been there this
summer, and I shall be there again before it is autumn,
because Mary.:., Hynes, a beautiful woman whose name is
still a wonder by turf fires, died there sixty years ago;
for our feet would linger where beauty has lived its life
of sorrow to make us understand that it is not of the
world. An old man brought me a little way from the
mill and the castle, and down a long, narrow boreen
that was nearly lost in brambles and sloe-bushes, and he
said, 'That is the little old foundation of the house, but
the most of it is taken for building walls, and the goats
I Ballylee Castle, Or Thoor Ballylee, as I have named it to escape
from the too magnificent word 'castle,' is now my property, and I
spend my summers or some part of them there. (19.24.)
22
• 'Dust hath closed Helen's eye'
have ate those bushes that are growing over it till
they've got cranky, and they won't grow any more.
They say she was the handsomest girl in Ireland, her
skin was 'like dribbled snow'-he meant driven snow,
perhaps,-'and she had blushes in her cheeks. She had
five handsome brothers, but all are gone now!' I talked
to him about a poem in Irish, Raftery, a famous poet,
made about her, and how it said, 'There is a strong
cellar in Ballylee.' He said the strong cellar was the
great hole where the river sank underground, and he
brought me to a deep pool, where an otter hurried
away under a grey boulder, and told me that many fish
came up out of the dark water at early morning 'to
taste the fresh water coming down from the hills.'
I first heard of the poem from an old woman who
lives about two miles farther up the river, and who remembers
Raftery and Mary Hynes. She says, 'I never
saw anybody so handsome as she was, and I never will
till I die,' and that he was nearly blind, and had 'no way
ofliving but to go round and to mark some house to go
to, and then all the neighbours would gather to hear. If
you treated him well he'd praise you, but if you did not,
he'd fault you in Irish. He was the greatest poet in Ireland,
and he'd make a song about that bush ifhe chanced
to stand under it. There was a bush he stood under from
the rain, and he made verses praising it, and then when
the water came through he made verses dispraising it.'
She sang the poem to a friend and to myselfin Irish,and
e.very word was audible and expressive, as the words
in a song were always, as I think, before music grew
too proud to be the garment of words, flowing and
23
The Celtic Twilight
changing with the flowing and changing of their energies.
The poem is not as natural as the best Irish poetry of
the last century, for the thoughts are arranged in a too
obviously traditional form, so the old poor half-blind
man who made it has to speak as ifhe were a rich farmer
offering the best of everything to the woman he loves,
but it has naIve and tender phrases. The friend that was
with me has made some of the translation, but some of
it has been made by the countrypeople themselves. I
think it has more of the simplicity of the Irish verses
than one finds in most translations.
24
Going to Mass by the will of God,
The day came wet and the wind rose;
I met Mary Hynes at the cross of Kiltartan,
And I fell in love with her then and there.
I spoke to her kind and mannerly,
As by report was her own way;
And she said, 'Raftery, my mind is easy,
You may come to-day to Ballylee.'
When I heard her offer I did not linger,
When her"talk went to my heart my heart rose.
We had only to go across the three fields,
We had daylight with us to Ballylee.
The table was laid with glasses and a quart measure,
She had fair hair, and she sitting beside me;
And she said, 'Drink, Raftery, and a hundred welcomes,
There is a strong cellar in Ballylee:
o star of light and 0 sun in harvest,
o amber hair, 0 my share of the world,
Will you come with me upon Sunday
Till we agree together before all the people?
(~ust bath closed Helen's eye'
I would not grudge you a song every Sunday evening,
Punch on the table, or wine if you would drink it,
But, 0 King of Glory, dry the roads before me,
Till I find the way to Ballylee.
There is sweet air on the side of the hill
When you are looking down upon Ballylee;
When you are walking in the valley picking nuts and blackberries,
There is music of the birds in it and music of the Sidhe.
What is the worth of greatness till you have the light
Of the flower of the branch that is by your side?
There is no god to deny it or to try and hide it,
She is the sun in the heavens who wounded my heart.
There was no part of Ireland I did not travel,
From the rivers to the tops of the mountains,
To the edge of Lough Greine whose mouth is hidden,
And I saw no beauty but was behind hers.
Her hair was shining, and her brows were shining too;
Her face was like herself, her mouth pleasant and sweet.
She is the pride, and I give her the branch,
She is the shining flower of Ballylee.
It is Mary Hynes, the calm and easy woman,
Has beauty in her mind and in her face.
If a hundred clerks were gathered together,
They could not write down a half of her ways.
An old weaver, whose son is supposed to go away
aplOng the Sidhe (the faeries) at night, says, 'Mary
Hynes was the most beautiful thing ever made. My
mother used to tell me about her, for she'd be at every
The Celtic T wiligbt
hurling, and wherever she was she was dressed in white.
As many as eleven men asked her in marriage in one
day, but she wouldn't have any of them. There was a
lot of men up beyond Kilbecanty one night sitting together
drinking, and talking of her, and one of them
got up and set out to go to Ballylee and see her; but
Cloone Bog was open then, and when he came to it he
fell into the water, and they found him dead there in the
morning. She died of the fever that was before the
famine.' Another old man says he was only a child when
he saw her, but he remembered that 'the strongest man
that was among us, one John Madden, got his death of
the head of her, cold he got crossing rivers in the nighttime
to get to Ballylee.' This is perhaps the man the
other remembered, for tradition gives the one thing
many shapes. There is an old woman who remembers,
her, at Derrybrien among the Echtge hills, a vast desolate
place, which has changed little since the old poem
said, 'the stag upon the cold summit ofEchtge hears the
cry of the wolves,' but still mindful of many poems and
of the dignity"of ancient speech. She says, 'The sun and
the moon never shone on anybody so handsome, and
her skin was so white that it looked blue, and she had
two little blushes on her cheeks.' And an old wrinkled
woman who lives close by Ballylee, and has told me
many tales of the Sidhe, says, '1 often saw Mary Hynes,
she was handsome indeed. She had two bunches of curls
beside her cheeks, and they were the colour of silver. 1
saw Mary Molloy that was drowned in the river beyond,
and Mary Guthrie that was in Ardrahan, but she took
the sway of them both, a very comely creature. I was at
2.6
('Dust hath closed Helen} s eye}
her wake too-she had seen too much of the world. She
was a kind creature. One day I was coming home
through that field beyond, and I was tired, and who
should c'ome out but the Poisin Glegeal (the shining
flower), and she gave me a glass of new milk.' This old
woman meant no more than some beautiful bright colour
by the colour of silver, for though I knew an old
man-he is dead now-who thought she might know
'the cure for all the evils in the world,' that the Sidhe
knew, she has seen too little gold to know its colour.
But a man by the shore at Kinvara, who is too young to
remember Mary Hynes, says, 'Everybody says there is
no one at all to be seen now so handsome; it is said she
had beautiful hair, the colour of gold. She was poor,
but her clothes every day were the same as Sunday, she
had such neatness. And if she went to any kind of a
meeting, they would all be killing one another for a
sight of her, and there was a great many in love with
her, but she died young. It is said that no one that has
a song made about them will ever live long.'
Those who are much admired are, it is I.eld, taken by
the Sidhe, who can use ungoverned feeling for their
own ends, so that a father, as an old herb-doctor told me
once, may give his child into their hands, or a husband
his wife. The admired and desired are only safe if one
says 'God bless them' when one's eyes are upon them.
The old woman that sang the song thinks, too, that
Mary Hynes was 'taken,' as the phrase is, 'for they have
taken many that are not handsome, and why would they
not take her? And people came from all parts to look at
her, and maybe there were some that did not say "God
The Celtic Twilight
bless her.'" An old man who lives by the sea at Duras
has as little doubt that she was taken, 'for there are some
living yet can remember her coming to the patternI
there beyond, and she was said to be the handsomest
girl in Ireland.' She died young because the gods loved
her, for the Sidhe are the gods, and it may be that the
old saying, which we forget to understand literally,
meant her manner of death in old times. These poor
countrymen and countrywomen in their beliefs, and in
their emotions, are many years nearer to that old Greek
world, that set beauty beside the fountain of things,
than are our men of learning. She 'had seen too much
of the world'; but these old men and women, when they
tell of her, blame another and not her, and though they
can be hard, they grow gentle as the old men of Troy
grew gentle when Helen passed by on the walls.
The poet who helped her to so much fame has himself
a great fame throughout the west of Ireland. Some
think that Raftery was half blind, and say, 'I saw Raftery,
a dark man, but he had sight enough to see her,'
or the like, ba.J.t some think he was wholly blind, as he
may have been at the end of his life. Fable makes all
things perfect in their kind, and her blind people must
never look on the world and the sun. I asked a man I
met one day, when I was looking for a pool na mna
Sidhe where women of Faery have been seen, how Raftery
could have admired Mary Hynes so much if he had
been altogether blind. He said, 'I think Raftery was
altogether blind, but those that are blind have a way ilf
seeing things, and have the power to know more, and
1 A 'pattern,' or 'patron,' is a festival in honour of a saint.
''Dust hath closed HeInl s eye J
to feel more, and to do more, and to guess more than
those that have their sight, and a certain wit and a certain
wisdom is given to them.' Everybody, indeed, will
tell you that he was very wise, for was he not not only
blind but a poet? The weaver, whose words about
Mary Hynes I have already given, says, 'His poetry was
the gift of the Almighty, for there are three things that
are the gift of the Almighty-poetry and dancing and
principles. That is why in the old times an ignorant
man coming down from the hillside would be better
behaved and have better learning than a man with education
you'd meet now, for they got it from God'; and
a man at Coole says, 'When he put his finger to one
part of his head, everything would come to him as if
it was written in a book'; and an old pensioner at Kiltartan
says, 'He was standing under a bush one time,
and he talked to it, and it answered him back in Irish.
Some say it was the bush that spoke, but it must have
been an enchanted voice in it, and it gave him the
knowledge of all the things of the world. The bush
withered up afterwards, and it is to be see§ on the roadside
now between this and Rahasine.' There is a poem
of his about a bush, which I have never seen, and it
may have come out of the cauldron of Fable in this
shape.
A friend of mine met a man once who had been with
him when he died, but the people say that he died alone,
and one Maurteen Gillane told Dr. Hyde that all night
IQng a light was seen streaming up to heaven from the
roof of the house where he lay, and 'that was the angels
who were with him'; and all night long there was a
The Celtic Twilight
great light in the hovel, 'and that was the angels who
were waking him. They gave that honour to him because
he was so good a poet, and sang such religious
songs.' It may be that in a few years Fable, who changes
mortalities to immortalities in her cauldron, will have
changed Mary Hynes and Raftery to perfect symbols
of the sorrow of beauty and of the magnificence and
penury of dreams.
II
When I was in a northern town a while ago I had a
long talk with a man who had lived in a neighbouring
country district when he was a boy. He told me that
when a very beautiful girl was born in a family that had
not been notedfQf good looks, her beauty was thought
to have come f;o~ the Sid he, and to bring misfortune
with it. He went over the names of several beautiful
girls that he had known, and said that beauty had never
brought happiness to anybody. It was a thing, he said,
to be proud of and afraid of. I wish I had written out
his words at -the time, for they were more picturesque
than my memory of them.
1902
30
Q/.1 Knight of the Sheep
A KNIGHT OF THE SHEEP
AWAY to the north of Ben Bulben and Cope's mountain
lives 'a strong farmer,' a knight of the sheep they
would have called him in the Gaelic days. Proud of his
descent from one of the most fighting clans of the
Middle Ages, he is a man of force alike in his words and
in his deeds. There is but one man that swears like him,
and this man lives far away upon the mountain. 'Father
in Heaven, what have 1 done to deserve this?' he says
when he has lost his pipe; and no man but he who lives
on the mountain can rival his language on a fair-day
over a bargain.
One day 1 was dining with him when the servantmaid
announced a certain Mr. O'Donnell. A sudden
silence fell upon the old man and upon his two daughters.
At last the eldest daughter said somewhat severely
to her father, 'Go and ask him to come in and dine.'
The old man went out, and then came in looking
greatly relieved, and said, 'He says he will not dine
with us.' 'Go out,' said the daughter, 'and. ask him into
the back parlour, and give him some whiskey.' Her
father, who had just finished his dinner, obeyed sullenly,
and 1 heard the door of the back parlour-a little room
where the daughters sat and sewed during the evening
-shut to behind the men. The daughter then turned
to me and said, 'Mr. O'Donnell is the tax-gatherer, and
last year he raised our taxes, and my father was very
a,pgry, and when he came, brought him into the dairy,
and sent the dairy-woman away on a message, and then
swore at him a great deal. "1 will teach you, sir,"
31
'The Celtic 'Twilight
O'Donnell replied, "that the law can protect its officers";
but my father reminded him that he had no witness.
At last my father got tired, and sorry too, and
said he would show him a short way home. When they
were half-way to the main road they came on a man of
my father's who was ploughing, and this somehow
brought back remembrance of the wrong. He sent the
man away on a message, and began to swear at the taxgatherer
again. When I heard of it I was disgusted that
he should have made such a fuss over a miserable creature
like O'Donnell; and when I heard a few weeks
ago that O'Donnell's only son had died and left him
heart-broken, I resolved to make my father be kind to
him next time he came.'
She then went out to see a neighbour, and I sauntered
towards the back parlour. When I came to the
door I heard angry voices inside. The two men were
evidently getting on to the tax again, for I could hear
them bandying figures to and fro. I opened the door;
at sight of my face the farmer was reminded of his
peaceful intentions, and asked me if I knew where the
whiskey was. I had seen him put it into the cupboard,
and was able therefore to find it and get it out, looking
at the thin, grief-struck face of the tax-gatherer. He was
rather older than my friend, and very much more
feeble and worn, and of a very different type. He was
not, like him, a robust, successful man, but rather one
of those whose feet find no resting-place upon the
earth. 'You are doubtless of the stock of the old
O'Donnells,' I said. 'I know well the hole in the river
where their treasure lies buried under the guard of a
32
eA. Knight of the Sheep
serpent with many heads.' 'Yes, sir,' he replied, 'I am
the last of a line of princes.'
We then fell to talking of many commonplace things,
and when at last the gaunt old tax-gatherer got up to
go, my friend said, 'I hope we will have a glass together
next year.' 'No, no,' was the answer, 'I shall be dead
next year.' 'I too have lost sons,' said the other, in
quite a gentle voice. 'But your sons were not like my
son.' And then the two men parted, with an angry flush
and bitter hearts, and had I not cast between them some
common words or other, might not have parted, but
have fallen rather into an angry discussion of the value
of their dead sons.
The knight of the sheep would have had the victory.
He was indeed but once beaten; and this is his tale of
how it was. He and some farm-hands were playing at
cards in a small cabin that stood against the end of a big
barn. A wicked woman had once lived in this cabin.
Suddenly one of the players threw down an ace and
began to swear without any cause. His swearing was
so dreadful that the others stood up, CKld my friend
said, 'All is not right here; there is a spirit in him.' They
ran to the door that led into the bam to get away as
quickly as possible. The wooden bolt would not move,
so the knight of the sheep took a saw which stood
against the wall near at hand, and sawed through the
bolt, and at once the door flew open with a bang, as
though some one had been holding it, and they fled
through.
33
'I he Celtic 'I wilight
AN ENDURING HEART
ONE day a friend of mine was making a sketch of my
knight of the sheep. The old man's daughter was sitting
by, and, when the conversation drifted to love and
love-making, she said, '0, father, tell him about your
love affair.' The old man took his pipe out of his mouth
and said, 'Nobody ever marries the woman he loves,'
and then, with a chuckle, 'There were fifteen of them
I liked better than the woman I married,' and he repeated
many women's names. He went on to tell how
when he was a lad he had worked for his grandfather,
his mother's father, and was called (my friend has forgotten
why) by his grandfather's name, which we will
say was Doran. He had a great friend, whom I shall
call John Byrne; and one day he and his friend went to
Queenstown to await an emigrant ship, that was to take
John Byrne to America. When they were walking along
the quay, they saw a girl sitting on a seat, crying miserably,
and two men standing up in front of her quarrelling
with one another. Doran said, 'I think I know what
is wrong. That man will be her brother, and that man
will be her lover, and the brother is sending her to
America to get her away from the lover. How she is
crying! but I think I could console her myself.' Presently
the lover and brother went away, and Doran
began to walk up and down before her, saying, 'Mild
weather, Miss,' or the like. She answered him in a little
while, and the three began to talk together. The emi~
grant ship did not arrive for some days; and the three
drove about on outside cars very innocently and hap-
34
e.An enduring Heart
pily, seeing everything that was to be seen. When at
last the ship came, and Doran had to break it to her that
he was not going to America, she cried more after him
than after the first lover. Doran whispered to Byrne as
he went aboard ship, 'Now, Byrne, I don't grudge her
to you, but don't marry young.'
When the story got to this, the farmer's daughter
joined in mockingly with, 'I suppose you said that for
Byrne's good, father.' But the old man insisted that he
had said it for Byrne's good; and went on to tell how,
when he got a letter telling of Byrne's engagement to
the girl, he wrote him the same advice. Years passed
by, and he heard nothing; and though he was now
married, he could not keep from wondering what she
was doing. At last he went to America to find out, and
though he asked many people for tidings, he could get
none. More years went by, and his wife was dead, and
he well on in years, and a rich farmer with not a few
great matters on his hands. He found an excuse in some
vague business to go out to America again, and to begin
his search again. One day he fell into talk-with an Irishman
in a railway carriage, and asked him, as his way
was, about emigrants from this place and that, and at
last, 'Did you ever hear of the miller's daughter from
Innis Rath?' and he named the woman he was looking
for. '0 yes,' said the other, 'she is married to a friend
of mine, John MacEwing. She lives at such-and-such a
street in Chicago.' Doran went to Chicago and knocked
at her door. She opened the door herself, and was 'not
a bit changed.' He gave her his real name, which he had
taken again after his grandfather's death, and the name
35
Tbe Celtic T wiligbt
of the man he had met in the train. She did not recognise
him, but asked him to stay to dinner, saying
that her husband would be glad to meet anybody who
knew that old friend of his. They talked of many things,
but for all their talk, I do not know why, and perhaps
he did not know why, he never told her who he was.
At dinner he asked her about Byrne, and she put her
head down on the table and began to cry, and she cried
so he was afraid her husband might be angry. He was
afraid to ask what had happened to Byrne, and left soon
after, never to see her again.
When the old man had finished the story, he said,
'Tell that to Mr. Yeats, he will make a poem about it,
perhaps.' But the daughter said, '0 no, father. Nobody
could make a poem about a woman like that.'
Alas! I never made the poem, perhaps because my own
heart, which has loved Helen and all the lovely and
fickle women of the world, would be too sore. There
are things it is well not to ponder over too much, things
that bare words are the best suited for.
1902
The Sorcerers
THE SORCERERS
IN Ireland we hear but little of the darker powers,! and
come across any who have seen them even more rarely,
for the imagination of the people dwells rather upon
the fantastic and capricious, and fantasy and caprice
would lose the freedom which is their breath of life,
were they to unite them either with evil or with good.
I have indeed come across very few persons in Ireland
who try to communicate with evil powers, and the few
I have met keep their purpose and practice wholly
hidden from those among whom they live. They are
mainly small clerks, and meet for the purpose of their
art in a room hung with black hangings, but in what
town that room is I shall not say. They would not
admit me into this room, but finding me not altogether
ignorant of the arcane science, showed elsewhere what
they could do. 'Come to us,' said their leader, 'and
we will show you spirits who will talk to you face to
face, and in shapes as solid and heavy as our own.'
I had been talking of the power of communicating
in states of trance with the angelical and faery beings,the
children of the day and of the twilight,-and he had
been contending that we should only believe in what
we can see and feel when in our ordinary everyday
state of mind. 'Yes,' I said, 'I will come to you,' or
some such words; 'but I will not permit myself to
I I know better now. We have the dark powers much more than
tthought, but not as much as the Scottish, and yet I think. the imagination
of the people does dwell chiefly upon the fantastic and
capricious.
37
rhe Celtic r wilight
become entranced, and will therefore know whether
these shapes you talk of are any the more to be touched
and felt by the ordinary senses than are those I talk of.' I
was not denying the power of other beings to take upon
themselves a clothing of mortal substance, but only
that simple invocations, such as he spoke of, seemed
unlikely to do more than cast the mind into trance.
'But,' he said, 'we have seen them move the furniture
hither and thither, and they go at our bidding, and help
or harm people who know nothing of them.' I am not
giving the exact words, but as accurately as I can the
substance of our talk.
On the night arranged I turned up about eight, and
found the leader sitting alone in almost total darkness
in a small back room. He was dressed in a black gown,
like an inquisitor's dress in an old drawing, that left
nothing of him visible except his eyes, which peered out
through two small round holes. Upon the table in front
of him was a brass dish of burning herbs, a large bowl,
a skull covered with painted symbols, two crossed daggers,
and certain implements, whose use I failed to discover,
shaped like quem-stones. I also put on a black
gown, and remember that it did not fit perfectly, and
that it interfered with my movements considerably.The
sorcerer then took a black cock out of a basket, and
cut its throat with one of the daggers, letting the blood
fall into the large bowl. He opened a book and began an
invocation, which was neither English nor Irish, and
had a deep guttural sound. Before he had finished, aRother
of the sorcerers, a man of about twenty-five, came
in, and having put on a black gown also, seated himself
'The Sorcerers
at my left hand. I had the invoker directly in front of
me, and soon began to find his eyes, which glittered
through, the small holes in his hood, affecting me in a
curious way. I struggled hard against their influence,
and my head began to ache. The invocation continued,
and nothing happened for the first few minutes. Then
the invoker got up and extinguished the light in the hall,
so that no glimmer might come through the slit under
the door. There was now no light except from the herbs
on the brass dish, and no sound except from the deep
guttural murmur of the invocation.
Presently the man at my left swayed himself about,
and cried out, '0 God! 0 God!' I asked him what ailed
him, but he did not know he had spoken. A moment
after he said he could see a great serpent moving about
the room, and became considerably excited. I saw nothing
with any definite shape, but thought that black
clouds were forming about me. I felt I must fall into a
trance ifI did not struggle against it, and that the influence
which was causing this trance was out of harmony
with itself, in other words, evil. After a .struggle I got
rid of the black clouds, and was able to observe with
my ordinary senses again. The two sorcerers now began
to see black and white columns moving about the
room, and finally a man in a monk's habit, and they
became greatly puzzled because I did not see these
things also, for to them they were as solid as the table
before them. The invoker appeared to be gradually inC!'
easing in power, and I began to feel as if a tide of
darkness wr-s pouring from him and concentrating itself
about me; and now too I noticed that the man on my
39
The Celtic Twilight
left hand had passed into a death-like trance. With a
last great effort I drove off the black clouds; but feeling
them to be the only shapes I should see without passing
into a trance, and having no great love for them, I asked
for lights, and after the needful exorcism returned to
the ordinary world.
I said to the more powerful of the two sorcerers,
'What would happen if one of your spirits had overpowered
me?' 'You would go out of this room,' he
answered, 'with his character added to your own.' I
asked about the origin of his sorcery, but got little of
importance, except that he had learned it from his
father, and that one word which he had repeated several
times was Arabic. He would not tell me more, for he
had, it appeared, taken a vow of secrecy.
40
'The CJ)evil
THE DEVIL
MYoId Mayo woman told me one day that something
very bad had come down the road and gone into the
house opposite, and though she would not say what it
was, I knew quite well. Another day she told me of two
friends of hers who had been made love to by one whom
they believed to be the DeviL One of them was standing
by the roadside when he came by on horseback, and
asked her to mount up behind him, and go riding. When
she would not he vanished. The other was out on the
road late at night waiting for her young man, when
something came flapping and rolling along the road up
to her feet. It had the likeness of a newspaper, and presently
it flapped up into her face, and she knew by the
size of it that it was the Jrish Times. All of a sudden it
changed into a young man, who asked her to go walking
with him. She would not, and he vanished.
I know of an old man too, on the slopes of Ben Bulben,
who found the Devil ringing a bell under his bed,
and he went off and stole the chapel bell..and rang him
out.
41
(~r'he Celtic 'Twilight
HAPPY AND UNHAPPY THEOLOGIANS
I
A MAYO woman once said to me, '1 knew a servant-girl
who hung herself for the love of God. She was lonely
for the priest and her society, I and hung herself to the
banisters with a scarf. She was no sooner dead than she
became white as a lily, and if it had been murder or
suicide she would have become black as black. They
gave her Christian burial, and the priest said she was
no sooner dead than she was with the Lord. So nothing
matters that you do for the love of God.' 1 do not
wonder at the pleasure she has in telling this story, for
she herself loves all holy things with an ardour that
brings them quickly to her lips. She told me once
that she never hears anything described in a sermon
that she does not afterwards see with her eyes. She has
described to me the gates of Purgatory as they showed
themselves to her eyes, but 1 remember nothing of the
description except that she could not see the souls ln
trouble but on" ly the gates. Her mind continually dwells
on what is pleasant and beautiful. One day she asked
me what month and what flower were the most beautiful.
When I answered that 1 did not know, she said,
'The month of May, because of the Virgin, and the lily
of the valley, because it never sinned, but came pure
out of the rocks,' and then she asked, 'What is the
cause of the three cold months of winter?' 1 did not
know even that, and so she said, 'The sin of man a;d
I The religious society she had belonged to.
Happy and Unhappy Theologians
the vengeance of God.' Christ Himself was not only
blessed, but perfect in all manly proportions in her
eyes, so. much do beauty and holiness go together in
her thoughts. He alone of all men was exactly six feet
high, all others are a little more or a little less.
Her thoughts and her sights of the people of Faery
are pleasant and beautiful too, and I have never heard
her call them the Fallen Angels. They are people like
ourselves, only better-looking, and many and many a
time she has gone to the window to watch them drive
their wagons through the sky, wagon behind wagon
in long line, or to the door to hear them singing
and dancing in the forth. They sing chiefly, it seems,
a song called 'The Distant Waterfall', and though they
once knocked her down she never thinks badly of them.
She saw them most easily when she was in service in
King's County, and one morning a little while ago she
said to me, 'Last night I was waiting up for the master
and it was a quarter-past eleven. I heard a bang right
down on the table. "King's County all over," says I,
and I laughed till I was near dead. It w~ a warning I
was staying too long. They wanted the place to themselves.'
I told her once of somebody who saw a faery
and fainted, and she said, 'It could not have been a
faery, but some bad thing, nobody could faint at a
faery. It was a demon. I was not afraid when they near
put me, and the bed under me, out through the roof.
I wasn't afraid either when you were at some work and
I .. heard a thing coming flop-flop up the stairs like an
eel, and squealing. It went to all the doors. It could not
get in where I was. I would have sent it through the
43
The Celtic Twilight
universe like a flash of fire. There was a man in my
place, a tearing fellow, and he put one of them down.
He went out to meet it on the road, but he must have
been told the words. But the faeries are the best neighbours.
If you do good to them they will do good to
you, but they don't like you to be on their path.'
Another time she said to me, 'They are always good to
the poor.'
II
There is, however, a man in a Galway village who
can see nothing but wickedness. Some think him very
holy, and others think him a little crazed, but some of
his talk reminds one of those old Irish visions of the
Three Worlds, which are supposed to have given
Dante the plan of the Diyine Comedy. But I could not
imagine this man seeing Paradise. He is especially angry
with the people of Faery, and describes the faun-like
feet that are so common among them, who are indeed
children of Pan, to prove them children of Satan. He
will not graltt that 'they carry away women, though
there are many that say so,' but he is certain that they
are 'as thick as the sands of the sea about us, and they
tempt poor mortals.'
He says, 'There is a priest I know of was looking
along the ground like as if he was hunting for something,
and a voice said to him, "If you want to see them
you'll see enough of them," and his eyes were opened
and he saw the ground thick with them. Singing they
do be sometimes, and dancing, but all the time they
have cloven feet.' Yet he was so scornful of unchristian
44
Happy and Unhappy Theologians
beings for all their dancing and singing that he thinks
that 'you have only to bid them begone and they will
go. It was one night,' he says, 'after walking back from
Kinvara ~md down by the wood beyond I felt one coming
beside me, and I could feel the horse he was riding
on and the way he lifted his legs, but they do not make
a sound like the hoofs of a horse. So I stopped and
turned around and said, very loud, "Be off!" and he
went and never troubled me after. And I knew a man
who was dying, and one came on his bed, and he cried
out to it, "Get out of that, you unnatural animal!" and
it left him. Fallen angels they are, and after the fall God
said, "Let there be Hell," and there it was in a moment.'
An old woman who was sitting by the fire joined in as
he said this with 'God save us, it's a pity He said the
word, and there might have been no Hell the day,' but
the seer did not notice her words. He went on, 'And
then he asked the Devil what would he take for the
souls of all the people. And the Devil said nothing
would satisfy him but the blood of a virgin's son, so
he got that, and then the gates of Hell ""ere opened.'
He understood the story, it seems, as if it were some
riddling old folk-tale.
'I have seen Hell mysel£ I had a sight of it one time
in a vision. It had a very high wall around it, all of
metal, and an archway, and a straight walk into it, just
like what 'ud be leading into a gentleman's orchard,
but the edges were not trimmed with box, but with redhot
metal. And inside the wall there were cross-walks,
and I'm not sure what there was to the right, but to the
left there were five great furnaces, and they full of souls
4;
T be Celtic cr wiligbt
kept there with great chains. So I turned short and went
away, and in turning I looked again at the wall, and I
could see no end to it.
'And another time I saw Purgatory. It seemed to be
in a level place, and no walls around it, but it all one
bright blaze, and the souls standing in it. And they
suffer near as much as in Hell, only there are no devils
with them there, and they have the hope of Heaven.
'And I heard a call to me from there, "Help me to
come out 0' this I" And when I looked it was a man I
used to know in the Army, an Irishman, and from this
county, and I believe him to be a descendant of King
O'Connor of Athenry.
'So I stretched out my hand first, but then I called
out, "I'd be burned in the flames before I could get
within three yards of you." So then he said, "Well,
help me with your prayers," and so I do.
'And Father Connellan says the same thing, to help
the dead with your prayers, and he's a very clever man
to make a sermon, and has a great deal of cures made
with the Holey Water he brought back from Lourdes.'
1902
The Last q Zeeman
THE LAST GLEEMAN
MICHAEL MORAN was born about 1794 off Black Pitts,
in the Liberties of Dublin, in Faddle Alley. A fortnight
after birth he went stone blind from illness, and became
thereby a blessing to his parents, who were soon able to
send him to rhyme and beg at street corners and at the
bridges over the Liffey. They may well have wished
that their quiver were full of such as he, for, free from
the interruption of sight, his mind turned every movement
of the day and every change of public passion into
rhyme or quaint saying. By the time he had grown to
manhood he was the admitted rector of all the balladmongers
of the Liberties, of Madden, the weaver,
Kearney, the blind fiddler from Wicklow, Martin from
Meath, M'Bride from Heaven knows where, and that
M'Grane, who in after days, when the true Moran was
no more, strutted in borrowed plumes, or rather in
borrowed rags, and gave out that there had never been
any Moran but himself, and many another. Nor despite
his blindness did he find any difficulty in getting a wife,
but rather was able to pick and choose, for he was just
that mixture of ragamuffin and of genius which is dear
to the heart of woman, who, however conventional in
herself, loves the unexpected, the crooked, the bewildering.
Nor did he lack, despite his rags, many excellent
things, for it is remembered that he ever loved
caper sauce, and upon one occasion when his wife had
f~rgotten it, he flung a leg of mutton at her head. He
was not, certainly, much to look at, with his coarse
frieze coat with its cape and scalloped edge. his old
47
'The Celtic 'Twilight
corduroy trousers and great brogues, and his stout stick
made fast to his wrist by a thong of leather: and he
would have been a woeful shock to the gleeman
MacCoinglinne, could that friend of kings have beheld
him in prophetic vision from the pillar stone at Cork.
And yet though the short cloak and the leather wallet
were no more, he was a true gleeman, being alike poet,
jester, and newsman of the people. In the morning
when he had finished his breakfast, his wife or some
neighbour would read the newspaper to him, and read
on and on until he interrupted with, 'That'll do-I have
me meditations'; and from these meditations would
come the day's store of jest and rhyme. He had the
whole Middle Ages under his frieze coat.
He had not, however, MacCoinglinne's hatred of the
Church and clergy, for when the fruit of his meditations
did not ripen well, or when the crowd called for
something more solid, he would recite or sing a metrical
tale or ballad of saint or martyr or some Biblical adventure.
He would stand at a street corner, and when
a crowd had gathered would begin in some such fashion
as follows (I copy the record of one who knew him):'
Gather round me, boys, gather round me. Boys, am I
standin' in puddle? am I standin' in wet?' Thereon
several boys would cry~ 'Ah, no! yez not! yer in a nice
dry place. Go on with Saint Mary; go on with Moses'each
calling for his favourite tale. Then Moran, with a
wriggle of his body and a clutch at his rags, would
burst out with, 'All me buzzim friends are turnfld
backbiters'; and after a final warning to the boys, 'If
yez don't drop your coddin' and diversion I'll lave some
The Last gleeman
of yez a case,' begin his recitation, or perhaps still delay,
to ask, 'Is there a crowd round me now? Any
blaguard heretic around me?' Or he would, it may
be, start °by singing:-
Gather round me, boys, will yez
Gather round me?
And hear what I have to say
Before ould Sally brings me
My bread and jug of tay.
The best-known of his religious tales was Saint Mary of
Egypt, a long poem of exceeding solemnity, condensed
from the much longer work of a certain Bishop Coyle.
It told how an Egyptian harlot, Mary by name, followed
pilgrims to Jerusalem in pursuit of her trade, and
then, on finding herself withheld from entering the
Temple by supernatural interference, turned penitent,
fled to the desert and spent the remainder of her life in
solitary penance. When at last she was at the point of
death, God sent Bishop Zosimus to hear her confession,
give her the last sacrament, and with the help of a lion,
whom He sent also, dig her grave. The poem has the
intolerable cadence of the eighteenth century at its
worst, but was so popular and so often called for that
Moran was nicknamed Zosimus, and by that name is
he remembered. He had also a poem of his own called
Moses, which went a little nearer poetry without going
very near. But he could ill brook solemnity, and before
long parodied his own verses in the following ragaIllilffin
fashion:-
In Egypt's land, contagious to the Nile,
King Pharaoh's daughter went to bathe in style.
49
r be Celtic r wiligbt
She tuk her dip, then walked unto the land,
To dry her royal pelt she ran along the strand.
A bulrush tripped her, whereupon she saw
A smiling babby in a wad 0' straw.
She tuk it up, and said with accents mild,
, 'Tare-and-agers, girls, which av yez owns the child?'
His humorous rhymes were, however, more often quips
and cranks at the expense of his contemporaries. It was
his delight, for instance, to remind a shoemaker, noted
alike for display of wealth and for personal uncleanness,
of his inconsiderable origin in a song of which but the
first stanza has come down to us:-
At the dirty end of Dirty Lane,
Liv'd a dirty cobbler, Dick Maclane;
His wife was in the old King's reign
A stout brave orange-woman.
On Essex Bridge she strained her throat,
And six-a-penny was her note.
But Dickey wore a bran-new coat
He got among the yeomen.
He was a bigot, like his clan,
A.nd in the streets he wildly sang,
o Roly, toly, toly raid, with his old jade.
He had troubles of divers kinds, and numerous interlopers
to face and put down. Once an officious peeler
arrested him as a vagabond, but was triumphantly
routed amid the laughter of the court, when Moran
reminded his worship of the precedent set by Homer,
who was also, he declared, a poet, and a blind man, and
a beggar-man. He had to face a more serious difficuky
as his fame grew. Various imitators started up upon all
sides. A certain actor, for instance, made as many
50
The Last gleeman
guineas as Moran did shillings by mimicking his sayings
and his songs and his get-up upon the stage. One
night this actor was at supper with some friends, when
dispute a~ose as to whether his mimicry was overdone
or not. It was agreed to settle it by an appeal to the
mob. A forty-shilling supper at a famous coffee-house
was to be the wager. The actor took up his station at
Essex Bridge, a great haunt of Moran's, and soon
gathered a small crowd. He had scarce got through 'In
Egypt's land, contagious to the Nile,' when Moran himself
came up, followed by another crowd. The crowds
met in great excitement and laughter. 'Good Christians,'
cried the pretender, 'is it possible that any man
would mock the poor dark man like that?'
'Who's that? It's some imposhterer,' replied Moran.
'Begone, you wretch! it's you'se the imposhterer.
Don't you fear the light of heaven being struck from
your eyes for mocking the poor dark man?'
'Saints and angels, is there no protection against
this? You're a most inhuman blaguard to try to deprive
me of my honest bread this way,'-replied poor
Moran.
'And you, you wretch, won't let me go on with the
beautiful poem? Christian people, in your charity won't
you beat this man away? he's taking advantage of my
darkness.'
The pretender, seeing that he was having the best of
it, thanked the people for their sympathy and protecti8n,
and went on with the poem, Moran listening for a
time in bewildered silence. After a while Moran protested
again with:-
'The Celtic 'Twilight
'Is it possible that none of yez can know me? Don't
yez see it's myself; and that's some one else?'
'Before I can proceed any further in this lovely
story,' interrupted the pretender, 'I call on yez to contribute
your charitable donations to help me to go on.'
'Have you no sowl to be saved, you mocker of
Heaven?' cried Moran, put completely beside himself
by this last injury. 'Would you rob the poor as well
as desave the world? 0, was ever such wickedness
known?'
'I leave it to yourselves, my friends,' said the pretender,
'to give to the real dark man, that you all know
so well, and save me from that schemer,' and with that
he collected some pennies and halfpence. While he was
doing so, Moran started his Mary of Egypt, but the
indignant crowd seizing his stick were about to belabour
him, when they fell back bewildered anew by
his close resemblance to himself. The pretender now
called to them to 'just give him a grip of that villain,
and he'd soon let him know who the imposhterer was!'
They led him over to Moran, but instead of closing
with him he thrust a few shillings into his hand, and
turning to the crowd explained to them he was indeed
but an actor, and that he had just gained a wager, and so
departed amid much enthusiasm, to eat the supper he
had won.
In April I 846 word was sent to the priest that Michael
Moran was dying. He found him at I5 (now I4i) Patrick
Street, on a straw bed, in a room full of rag~d
ballad-singers come to cheer his last moments. After his
death the ballad-singers, with many fiddles and the like,
'The Last gleeman
came again and gave him a fine wake, each adding to the
merriment whatever he knew in the way of rann, tale,
old saw, or quaint rhyme. He had had his day, had said
his prayers and made his confession, and why should
they not give him a hearty send-off? The funeral took
place the next day. A good party of his admirers and
friends got into the hearse with the coffin, for the day
was wet and nasty. They had not gone far when one of
them burst out with, 'It's cruel cowld, isn't it?' 'Garra','
replied another, 'we'll all be as stiff as the corpse when
we get to the berrin' -ground.' 'Bad cess to him,' said a
third; 'I wish he'd held out another month until the
weather got dacent.' A man called Carroll thereupon
produced a half-pint of whiskey, and they all drank to
the soul of the departed. Unhappily, however, the
hearse was overweighted, and they had not reached
the cemetery before the spring broke, and the bottle
with it.
53
The Celtic Twilight
REGINA, REGINA PIGMEORUM, VENII
ONE night a middle-aged man, who had lived all his life
far from the noise of cab-wheels, a young girl; a relation
of his, who was reported to be enough of a seeress to
catch a glimpse of unaccountable lights moving overthe
fields among the cattle, and myself, were walking along
a far western sandy shore. We talked of the Forgetful
People, as the faery people are sometimes called, and
came in the midst of our talk to a notable haunt of
theirs, a shallow cave amidst black rocks, with its reflection
under it in the wet sea sand. I asked the young girl
if she could see anything, for I had quite a number of
things to ask the Forgetful People. She stood still for a
few minutes, and I saw that she was passing into a kind
of waking trance, in which the cold sea breeze no longer
troubled her, nor the dull boom of the sea distracted her
attention. I then called aloud the names of the great
faeries, and in a moment or two she said that she could
hear music far inside the rocks, and then a sound of confused
talking, and of people stamping their feet as if to
applaud some unseen performer. Up to this my other
friend had been walking to and fro some yards off, but
now he passed close to us, and as he did so said suddenly
that we were going to be interrupted, for he
heard the laughter of children somewhere beyond the
rocks. We were, however, quite alone. The spirits of
the place had begun to cast their influence over him also.
In a moment he was corroborated by the girl, who sffid
1 These words were used as an evocation in Windsor Forest by
Lilly, the astrologer. (1924.)
Regina) Regina Pigmeorum) Veni
that bursts of laughter had begun to mingle with the
music, the confused talking, and the noise of feet. She
next saw a bright light streaming out of the cave, which
seemed to have grown much deeper, and a quantity
of little people,I in various coloured dresses, red predominating,
dancing to a tune which she did not
recognise.
I then bade her call out to the queen of the little
people to come and talk with us. There was, however,
no answer to her command. I therefore repeated the
words aloud myself, and in a moment she described a
very beautiful tall woman, who came out of the cave.
I too had by this time fallen into a kind of trance,2 in
which what we call the unreal had begun to take upon
itself a masterful reality, and I had an impression, not
anything I could call an actual vision, of gold ornaments
and dark hair. I then bade the girl tell this tall
queen to marshal her followers according to their natural
divisions, that we might see them. I found as before
that I had to repeat the command myself. The beings
then came out of the cave, and drew themselves up, if
I remember rightly, in four bands. One of these bands,
I The people and faeries in Ireland are sometimes as big as we are,
sometimes bigger, and sometimes, as I have been told, about three
feet high. The old Mayo woman I so often quote thinks that it is
something in our eyes that makes them seem big or little.
2 The word 'trance' gives a wrong impression. I had learned from
MacGregor Mathers and his pupils to so suspend the will that the
imagination moved of itself. The girl was, however, fully entranced,
a~ the man so affected by her that he heard the children's voices as
if with his physical ears. On two occasions, later on, her trance so
affected me that I also heard or saw some part of what she did as if
with physical eyes and ears. (1924.)
The Celtic Twilight
according to her description, carried boughs of mountain-
ash in their hands, and another had necklaces made
apparently of serpents' scales, but their dress I cannot
remember. I asked their queen to tell the seeress whether
these caves were the greatest faery haunts in the neighbourhood.
Her lips moved, but the answer was inaudible.
I bade the seeress lay her hand upon the breast of
the queen, and after that she heard every word quite
distinctly. No, this was not the greatest faery haunt, for
there was a greater one a little farther ahead. I then asked
her whether it was true that she and her people carried
away mortals, and if so, whether they put another soul
in the place of the one they had taken. 'We change the
bodies,' was her answer. 'Are any of you ever born into
mortal life?' 'Yes.' 'Do I know any who were among
your people before birth?' 'You do.' 'Who are they?'
'It would not be lawful for you to know.' I then asked
whether she and her people were not 'dramatisations of
our moods'? 'She does not understand,' said my friend,
'but says that her people are much like human beings,
and do most~f the things human beings do.' I asked her
other questions, as to her nature, and her purpose in the
universe, but only seemed to puzzle her. At last she
appeared to lose patience, for she wrote this message
for me upon the sands-the sands of vision-'Be careful,
and do not seek to know too much about us.' Seeing
that I had offended her, I thanked her for what she
had shown and told, and let her depart again into her
cave. In a little while the young girl awoke out of h-er
trance, and felt the cold wind from the sea, and began
to shiver.
(eAnd Fair) Fierce Women'
'AND FAIR, FIERCE WOMEN'
ONE day a woman that I know came face to face with
heroic beauty, that highest beauty which Blake says
changes least from youth to age, a beauty which has
been fading out of the arts, since that decadence we call
progress set voluptuous beauty in its place. She was
standing at the window, looking over to Knocknarea
where Queen Maeve is thought to be buried, when she
saw, as she has told me, 'the finest woman you ever saw,
travelling right across from the mountains and straight
to her.' The woman had a sword by her side and a
dagger lifted up in her hand, and was dressed in white,
with bare arms and feet. She looked 'very strong, but
not wicked,' that is, not cruel. The old woman had seen
the Irish giant, and 'though he was a fine man,' he was
nothing to this woman, 'for he was round, and could
not have stepped out so soldierly'; 'she was like Mrs.
--' (a stately lady of the neighbourhood) 'but she had
no stomach on her, and was slight and broad in the
shoulders, and was handsomer than any Glne you ever
saw; she looked about thirty.' The old woman covered
her eyes with her hands, and when she uncovered them
the apparition had vanished. The neighbours were
'wild with her,' she told me, because she did not wait
to find out if there was a message, for they were sure it
was Queen Maeve, who often shows herself to the
pilots. I asked the old woman if she had seen others like
Q.ueen Maeve, and she said, 'Some of them have their
hair down, but they look quite different, like the sleepylooking
ladies one sees in the papers. Those with their
57
cr he Celtic cr wilight
hair up are like this one. The others have long whlte
dresses, but those with their hair up have short dresses,
so that you can see their legs right up to the calf.' After
some careful questioning I found that they wore what
might very well be a kind of buskin; she went on,
'They are fine and dashing looking, like the men one
sees riding their horses in twos and threes on the slopes
of the mountains with their swords swinging.' She
repeated over and over, 'There is no such race living
now, none so finely proportioned,' or the like, and then
said, 'The present QueenI is a nice, pleasant-looking
woman, but she is not like her. What makes me think so
little of the ladies is that I see none as they be,' meaning
as the spirits. 'When I think of her and of the ladies
now, they are like little children running about without
knowing how to put their clothes on right. Is it the
ladies? Why, I would not call them women at all.' The
other day a friend of mine questioned an old woman in
a Galway workhouse about Queen Maeve, and was told
that' Queen Maeve was handsome, and overcame all her
enemies witA a hazel stick, for the hazel is blessed, and
the best weapon that can be got. You might walk the
world with it,' but she grew 'very disagreeable in the
end-O very disagreeable. Best not to be talking about
it. Best leave it between the book and the hearer.' My
friend thought the old woman had got some scandal
about Fergus son of Rogh and Maeve in her head.
And I myself met once with a young man in the
Burren Hills who remembered an old poet who made
his poems in Irish and had met when he was young, the
1 Queen Victoria.
'eAnd Fair, Fierce Women'
young man said, one who called herself Maeve, and said
she was a queen 'among them', and asked him if he
would have money or pleasure. He said he would have
pleasure, "and she gave him her love for a time, and then
went from him, and ever after he was very mournful.
The young man had often heard him sing the poem of
lamentation that he made, but could only remember
that it was 'very mournful', and that he called her
'beauty of all beauties'.
1902
59
The Celtic Twilight
ENCHANTED WOODS
I
LAST summer, whenever I had finished my day's work,
I used to go wandering in certain roomy woods, and
there I would often meet an old countryman, and talk
to him about his work and about the woods, and once
or twice a friend came with me to whom he would open
his heart more readily than to me. He had spent all his
life lopping away the witch-elm and the hazel and the
privet and the hornbeam from the paths, and had
thought much about the natural and supernatural
creatures of the wood. He has heard the hedgehog'
grainne oge,' he calls him-'grunting like a Christian,'
and is certain that he steals apples by rolling about
under an apple-tree until there is an apple sticking to
every quill. He is certain too that the cats, of whom
there are many in the woods, have a language of their
own-some kind of old Irish. He says, 'Cats were serpents,
and tr:rey were made into cats at the time of some
great change in the world. That is why they are hard to
kill, and why it is dangerous to meddle with them. If
you annoy a cat it might claw or bite you in a way that
would put poison in you, and that would be the serpent's
tooth.' Sometimes he thinks they change into
wild cats, and then a nail grows on the end of their tails;
but these wild cats are not the same as the marten cats,
who have been always in the woods. The foxes were
once tame, as the cats are now, but they ran away and
became wild. He talks of all wild creatures except squir-
60
enchanted Woods
rels-whom he hates-with what seems an affectionate
interest, though at times his eyes will twinkle with
pleasure as he remembers how he made hedgehogs unroll
themselves when he was a boy, by putting a wisp
of burning straw under them.
I am not certain that he distinguishes between the
natural and supernatural very clearly. He told me the
other day that foxes and cats like, above all, to be in the
'forths' and lisses after nightfall; and he will certainly
pass from some story about a fox to a story about a
spirit with less change of voice than when he is going
to speak about a marten cat-a rare beast nowadays.
Many years ago he used to work in the garden, and
once they put him to sleep in a garden-house where
there was a loft full of apples, and all night he could
hear people rattling plates and knives and forks over
his head in the loft. Once, at any rate, he has seen an unearthly
sight in the woods. He says, 'One time I was out
cutting timber over in Inchy, and about eight o'clock
one morning when I got there I saw a girl picking nuts,
with her hair hanging down over her shoulders, brown
hair, and she had a good, clean face, and she was tall
and nothing on her head, and her dress no way gaudy
but simple, and when she felt me coming she gathered
herself up and was gone as if the earth had swallowed
her up. And I followed her and looked for her, but I
never could see her again from that day to this, never
again.' He used the word clean as we would use words
like fresh or comely.
Others too have seen spirits in the Enchanted Woods.
A labourer told us of what a friend of his had seen in a
6r
'The Celtic Twilight
part of the woods that is called Shan-walla, from some
old village that was before the wood. He said, 'One
evening I parted from Lawrence Mangan in the yard,
an' he went away through the path in Shan-walla, an'
bid me good-night. And two hours after, there he was
back again in the yard, an' bid me light a candle that
was in the stable. An' he told me that when he got into
Shan-walla, a little fellow about as high as his knee, but
having a head as big as a man's body, came beside him
and led him out of the path an' round about, and at
last it brought him to the lime-kiln, and then it vanished
and left him.'
A woman told me of a sight that she and others had
seen by a certain deep pool in the river. She said, '1 came
over the stile from the chapel, and others along with
me; and a great blast of wind came and two trees were
bent and broken and fell into the river, and the splash of
water out of it went up to the skies. And those that were
with me saw many figures, but myself 1 only saw one,
sitting there by the bank where the trees fell. Dark
clothes he had on, and he was headless.'
A man told me that one day, when he was a boy, he
and another boy went to catch a horse in a certain field,
full of boulders and bushes of hazel and creeping juniper
and rock-roses, that is where the lake-side is for a little
clear of the woods. He said to the boy that was with
him, '1 bet a button that if 1 fling a pebble on to that
bush it will stay on it,' meaning that the bush was so
matted the pebble would not be able to go throughcrit.
So he took up 'a pebble of cow-dung, and as soon as it
hit the bush there came out of it the most beautiful
6:z.
enchanted Woods
music that ever was heard.' They ran away, and when
they had gone about two hundred yards they looked
back and saw a woman dressed in white, walking round
and roun"d the bush. 'First it had the form of a woman,
and then of a man, and it was going round the bush.'
II
I often entangle myself in arguments more complicated
than even those paths of Inchy as to what is the
true nature of apparitions. But at other times I say as
Socrates said when they told him a learned opinion
about a nymph of the Ilissus, 'The common opinion is
enough for me'; and believe that all nature is full of invisible
people, and that some of these are ugly or grotesque,
some wicked or foolish, many beautiful beyond
anyone we have ever seen, and that the beautiful are
not far away when we are walking in pleasant and quiet
places. Even when I was a boy I could never walk in a
wood without feeling that at any moment I might find
before me somebody or something I had long looked
for without knowing what I looked for. And now I will
at times explore every little nook of some poor coppice
with almost anxious footsteps, so deep a hold has this
imagination upon me. You too meet with a like imagination,
doubtless, somewhere, wherever your ruling
stars ~1l have it, Saturn driving you to the woods, or
the Moon, it may be, to the edges of the sea. I will not
of a certainty believe that there is nothing in the sunset,
where our forefathers imagined the dead following their
shepherd the sun, or nothing but some vague presence
as little moving as nothing. If beauty is not a gateway
The Celtic Twilight
out of the net we were taken in at our birth, it will not
long be beauty, and we will find it better to sit at home
by the fire and fatten a lazy body or to run hither and
thither in some foolish sport than to look at the finest
show that light and shadow ever made among green
leaves. I say to myself, when I am well out of that
thicket of argument, that they are surely there, the
divine people, for only we who have neither simplicity
nor wisdom have denied them, and the simple of all
times and the wise men of ancient times have seen them
and even spoken to them. They live out their passionate
lives not far off, as I think, and we shall be among
them when we die if we but keep our natures simple and
passionate. May it not even be that death shall unite us
to all romance, and that some day we shall fight dragons
among blue hills, or come to that whereof all romance
is but
F oreshadowings mingled with the images
Of man's misdeeds in greater days than these,
as the old men thought in The Earthly Paradise when
they were in~ood spirits?
1902
c7Vfiraculous Creatures
MIRACULOUS CREATURES
THERE are marten cats and badgers and foxes in the Enchanted
Woods, but there are, it seems, mightier creatures,
and the lake may hide what neither net nor line
can take. These creatures are of the race of the white
stag that flits in and out of the tales of Arthur, and of
the evil pig that slew Diarmuid where Ben Bulben
mixes with the sea wind. They are, as I conceive it, the
wizard creatures of hope and fear, they are of them that
fly and of them that follow among the thickets that are
about the Gates of Death. A man I know remembers
that his father was one night in the wood of Inchy,
'where the lads of Gort used to be stealing rods. He
was sitting by the wall, and the dog beside him, and he
heard something come running from Owbawn Weir,
and he could see nothing, but the sound of its feet on
the ground was like the sound of the feet of a deer. And
when it passed him, the dog got between him and the
wall and scratched at it there as if it was afraid, but still
he could see nothing but only hear the sound of hoofs.
So when it was past he turned and came away home.'
'Another time,' the man says, 'my father told me he was
in a boat out on the lake with two or three men from
Gort, and one of them had an eel-spear, and he thrust it
into the water, and it hit something, and the man fainted
and they had to carry him out of the boat to land, and
when he came to himself he said that what he struck
was like a calf, but whatever it was, it was not fish l'
I 902
Tbe Celtic T wiligbt
ARISTOTLE OF THE BOOKS
THE friend who can get the wood-cutter to talk more
readily than he will to anybody else went latdy to see
his old wife. She lives in a cottage not far from the edge
of the woods, and is as full of old talk as her husband.
This time she began to talk of Goban, the legendary
mason, and his wisdom, but said presently, 'Aristotle of
the Books, too, was very wise, and he had a great deal
of experience, but did not the bees get the better of him
in the end? He wanted to know how they packed the
comb, and he wasted the better part of a fortnight
watching them, and he could not see them doing it.
Then he made a hive with a glass cover on it and put it
over them, and he thought to see. But when he went and
put his eyes to the glass, they had it all covered with
wax so that it was as black as the pot; and he was as
blind as before. He said he was never rightly kilt till
then. They had him that time surely!'
I902
66
The Swine of the Gods
THE SWINE OF THE GODS
A FEW years ago a friend of mine told me of something
that happened to him when he was a young man and
out drilling with some Connacht Fenians. They were
but a earful, and drove along a hillside until they came
to a quiet place. They left the car and went farther up
the hill with their rifles, and drilled for a while. As they
were coming down again they saw a very thin, longlegged
pig of the old Irish sort, and the pig began to
follow them. One of them cried out as a joke that it was
a faery pig, and they all began to run to keep up the
joke. The pig ran too, and presently, how nobody knew,
this mock terror became real terror, and they ran as for
their lives. When they got to the car they made the
horse gallop as fast as possible, but the pig still followed.
Then one of them put up his rifle to fire, but when he
looked along the barrel he could see nothing. Presently
they turned a corner and came to a village. They told
the people of the village what had happened, and the
people of the village took pitchforks and spades and the
like, and went along the road with them to drive the
pig away. When they turned the corner they could not
find anything.
1902
'The Celtic 'Twilight
A VOICE
ONE day I was walking over a bit of marshy
ground close to Inchy Wood when I felt, all of a
sudden, and only for a second, an emotion which I
said to myself was the root of Christian mysticism.
There had swept over me a sense of weakness, of
dependence on a great personal Being somewhere
far off yet near at hand. No thought of mine had
prepared me for this emotion, for I had been preoccupied
with Aengus and Edain, and with Manannan,
Son of the Sea. That night I awoke lying upon my
back and hearing a voice speaking above me and
saying, 'No human soul is like any other human
soul, and therefore the love of God for any human
soul is infinite, for no other soul can satisfy the same
need in God.' A few nights after this I awoke to see
the loveliest people I have ever seen. A young man
and a young girl dressed in olive-green raiment,
cut like old .. Greek raiment, were standing at my
bedside. I looked at the girl and noticed that her dress
was gathered about her neck into a kind of chain,
or perhaps into some kind of stiff embroidery which
represented ivy-leaves. But what filled me with
wonder was the miraculous mildness of her face.
There are no such faces now. It was beautiful as few
faces are beautiful, but it had not, one would think,
the light that is in desire or in hope or in fear (!jr
in speculation. It was peaceful like the faces of
animals, or like mountain pools at evening, so
68
e/.l Voice
peaceful that it was a little sad. I thought for a
moment that she might be the beloved of Aengus,
but how could that hunted, alluring, happy, immortal
wretch have a face like this?
1902
The Celtic Twilight
KIDNAPPERS
A LITTLE north of the town of Sligo, on the southern
side of Ben Bulben, some hundreds of feet above the
plain, is a small white square in the limestone. No
mortal has ever touched it with his hand; no sheep or
goat has ever browsed grass beside it. There is no more
inaccessible place upon the earth, and to an anxious
consideration few more encircled by terror. It is the
door ofF aeryland. In the middle of night it swings open,
and the unearthly troop rushes out. All night the gay
rabble sweep to and fro across the land, invisible to all,
unless perhaps where, in some more than commonly
'gentle' place-Drumcliff or Dromahair, the nightcapped
heads of 'faery-doctors' or 'cow-doctors' may
be thrust from their doors to see what mischief the
'gentry' are doing. To their trained eyes and ears doubtless
the fields are covered by red-hatted riders, and the
air is full of shrill voices-a sound like whistling, as an
ancient Scottish seer has recorded, and wholly different
from the talk. of the angels, who 'speak much in the
throat, like the Irish,' as Lilly, the astrologer, has wisely
said. If there be a new-born baby or new-wed bride in
the neighbourhood, the 'doctors' will peer with more
than common care, for the unearthly troop do not
always return empty-handed. Sometimes a new-wed
bride or a new-born baby goes with them into their
mountains; the door swings to behind, and the newborn
or the new-wed moves henceforth in the bloooless
land of Faery; happy, the story has it, but doomed
to melt at the Last Judgment like bright vapour, for the
Kzdnappers
soul cannot live without sorrow. Through this door of
white stone, and the other doors of that land where
geabheadh tu an sonas aer pingin (,you can buy joy for a
penny'); have gone those kings, queens, and princes
whose stories are in our old Gaelic literature.
There suddenly appeared at the western corner of
Market Street, Sligo, where the butcher's shop now is,
as did a palace in Keats's Lamia, an apothecary's shop,
ruled over by a certain unaccountable Dr. Opendon.
Where he came from, none ever knew. There also was
in Sligo, in those days, a woman, Ormsby by name,
whose husband had fallen mysteriously sick. The doctors
could make nothing of him. Nothing seemed
wrong with him, yet weaker and weaker he grew.
Away went the wife to Dr. Opendon. She was shown
into the shop parlour. A black cat was sitting straight
up before the fire. She had just time to see that the sideboard
was covered with fruit, and to say to herself,
'F ruit must be wholesome when the doctor has so
much,' before Dr. Opendon came in. He was dressed
all in black, the same as the cat, and hl; wife walked
behind him dressed in black likewise. She gave him a
guinea, and got a little bottle in return. Her husband
recovered that time. Meanwhile the black doctor cured
many people; but one day a rich patient died, and cat,
wife, and doctor all vanished the night after. In a year
the man Ormsby fell sick once more. Now he was a
good-looking man, and his wife felt sure the 'gentry'
were coveting him. She went and called on the 'faerydoctor'
at Cairnsfoot. As soon as he had heard her tale,
he went behind the back door and began muttering
71
cr he Celtic cr wilight
spells. Her husband got well this time also. But after a
while he sickened again, the fatal third time, and away
went she once more to Cairnsfoot, and out went the
'faery-doctor' behind his back door and began muttering,
but soon he came in and told her it was no useher
husband would die; and sure enough the man died,
and ever after when she spoke of him Mrs. Ormsby
shook her head saying she knew well where he was, and
it wasn't in Heaven or Hell or Purgatory either. She
probably believed that a log of wood was left behind
in his place, but so bewitched that it seemed the dead
body of her husband.
She is dead now herself, but many still living remember
her. She was, I believe, for a time a servant or
else a kind of pensioner of some relations of my own.
Sometimes those who are carried off are allowed
after many years-seven usually-a final glimpse of
their friends. Many years ago a woman vanished suddenly
from a Sligo garden where she was walking with
her husband. When her son, who was then a baby, had
grown up he,..received word in some way, not handed
down, that his mother was glamoured by faeries, and
imprisoned for the time in a house in Glasgow and
longing to see him. Glasgow in those days of sailingships
seemed to the peasant mind almost over the edge
of the known world, yet he, being a dutiful son, started
away. For a long time he walked the streets of Glasgow;
at last down in a cellar he saw his mother working.
She was happy, she said, and had the best of good eaJ)ing,
and would he not eat? and therewith laid all kinds
of food on the table; but, he knowing well that she was
72
Kidnappers
trying to cast on him the glamour by giving him faery
food, that she might keep him with her, refused and
came home to his people in Sligo.
Some 'five miles southward of Sligo is a gloomy and
tree-bordered pond, a great gathering-place of waterfowl,
called, because of its form, the Heart Lake. Out
of this lake, as from the white square stone in Ben Bulben,
issues an unearthly troop. Once men began to
drain it; suddenly one of them raised a cry that he saw
his house in flames. They turned round, and every man
there saw his own house burning. They hurried home
to find it was but faery glamour. To this hour on the
border of the lake is shown a half-dug trench-the signet
of their impiety. A little way from this lake I heard
a beautiful and mournful history of faery kidnapping.
I heard it from a little old woman in a white cap, who
sings in Gaelic, and moves from one foot to the other
as though she remembered the dancing of her youth.
A young man going at nightfall to the house of his
just-married bride, met on the way a jolly company, and
with them his bride. They were faeries cmd had stolen
her as a wife for the chief of their band. To him they
seemed only a company of merry mortals. His bride,
when she saw her old love, bade him welcome, but was
most fearful lest he should eat the faery food, and so be
glamoured out of the earth into that bloodless dim
nation, wherefore she set him down to play cards with
three of the cavalcade; and he played on, realising not!
ting until he saw the chief of the band carrying his
bride away in his arms. Immediately he started up, and
knew that they were faeries, for all that jolly company
73
'T be Celtic 'T wiligbt
melted into shadow and night. He hurried to his house,
and as he drew near heard the cry of the keeners and
knew that his wife was dead. Some noteless Gaelic poet
had made this into a forgotten ballad, some odd verses
of which my white-capped friend remembered and sang
for me.!
Sometimes one hears of stolen people acting as good
genii to the living, as in this tale, heard also close by the
haunted pond, of John Kirwan of Castle Hackett. The
Kirwans 2 are a family much rumoured of in peasant
stories, and believed to be the descendants of a man and
a spirit. They have ever been famous for beauty, and I
have read that the mother of the present Lord Cloncurry
was of their tribe.
John Kirwan was a great horse-racing man, and once
landed in Liverpool with a fine horse, going racing
somewhere in middle England. That evening, as he
walked by the docks, a slip of a boy came up and asked
where he was stabling his horse. In such-and-such a
place, he answered. 'Don't put him there,' said the slip
of a boy; 'th!lt stable will be burnt to-night.' He took
his horse elsewhere, and sure enough the stable was
burnt down. Next day the boy came and asked as re-
I There is a ballad in my Wind among the Reeds on this theme.
(1924.)
2 I have since heard that it was not the Kirwans, but their predecessorsat
Castle Hackett, the Hacketts themselves,! think, who were
descended from a man and a spirit, and were notable for beauty. I
imagine that the mother of Lord Cloncurry was descended from we
Hacketts. It may well be that all through these stories the name of
Kirwan has taken the place of the older name. (1902.) Castle Hackett
was burned by incendiaries during our civil war. (19:14.)
74
Kidnappers
ward to ride as his jockey in the coming race, and then
was gone. The race-time came round. At the last moment
the boy ran forward and mounted, saying, 'If I
strike him with the whip in my left hand I will lose, but
if in my right hand bet all you are worth.' For, said
Paddy Flynn, who told me the tale, 'the left arm is good
for nothing. I might go on making the sign of the cross
with it, and all that, come Christmas, and a Banshee
would no more mind than if it was that broom.' Well,
the slip of a boy struck the horse with his right hand,
and John Kirwan cleared the field out. When the race
was over, 'What can I do for you now?' said he. 'Nothing
but this,' said the boy: 'my mother has a cottage
on your land-they stole me from the cradle. Be good
to her, John Kirwan, and wherever your horses go I
will watch that no ill follows them; but you will never
see me more.' With that he made himself air, and
vanished.
Sometimes animals are carried off- apparently
drowned animals more than others. In Claremorris,
Mayo, Paddy Flynn told me, lived a "poor widow
with one cow and its calf. The cow fell into the river
and was washed away. There was a man thereabouts
who went to a red-haired woman-for such are supposed
to be wise in these things-and she told him to
take the calf down to the edge of the river, and hide
himself and watch. He did as she had told him, and as
evening came on the calf began to low, and after a while
tl!e cow came along the edge of the river and commenced
suckling it. Then, as he had been told, he caught
the cow's tail. Away they went at a great pace, across
75
The Celtic Twilight
hedges and ditches, till they came to a royalty-Paddy
Flynn's name for a rath. Therein he saw walking or
sitting all the people who had died out of his village in
his time. A woman was sitting on the edge with a child
on her knees, and she called out to him to mind what
the red-haired woman had told him, and he remembered
she had said, 'Bleed the cow.' So he stuck his knife into
the cow and drew blood. That broke the spell, and he
was able to turn her homeward. 'Do not forget the
spancel,' said the woman with the child on her knees;
'take the inside one.' There were three spancels on a
bush; he took one, and the cow was driven safely home
to the widow.
There is hardly a valley or mountain-side where they
cannot tell you of some one pillaged from amongst
them. Two or three miles from the Heart Lake lives an
old woman who was stolen away in her youth. After
seven years she was brought home again for some
reason or other, but she had no toes left. She had danced
them off.
The Untiring Ones
THE UNTIRING ONES
IT is one of the great troubles oflife that we cannot have
an y unmixed emotions. There is always something in
our enemy that we like, and something in our sweetheart
that we dislike. It is this entanglement of moods
which makes us old, and puckers our brows and deepens
the furrows about our eyes. If we could love and hate
with as good heart as the Sidhe do, we might grow to
be long-lived like them. But until that day their untiring
joys and sorrows must ever be one-half of their fascination.
Love with them never grows weary, nor can the
circles of the stars tire out their dancing feet. The Donegal
peasants remember this when they bend over the
spade, or sit full of the heaviness of the fields beside the
griddle at nightfall, and they tell stories about it that it
may not be forgotten. A short while ago, they say, two
little creatures, one like a young man, one like a young
woman, came to a farmer's house, and spent the night
sweeping the hearth and setting all tidy. The next night
they came again, and while the farmer was G:way, brought
all the furniture upstairs into one room, and having
arranged it round the walls, for the greater grandeur,
it seems, they began to dance. They danced on and on,
and days and days went by, and all the countryside
came to look at them, but still their feet never tired. The
farmer did not dare to live at home the while; and after
three months he made up his mind to stand it no more,
a~d went and told them that the priest was coming. The
little creatures when they heard this went back to their
own country, and there their joy shall last as long as
77
T be Celtic T wi/Igbt
the points of the rushes are brown, the people say, and
this is until God shall burn up the world with a kiss.
But it is not merely the Sidhe who know untiring
days, for there have been men and women who, falling
under their enchantment, have attained, perhaps by the
right of their God-given spirits, an even more than
faery abundance of life and feeling. Such a mortal was
born long ago at a village in the south of Ireland. She
lay asleep in a cradle, and her mother sat by rocking. her ,
when a woman of the Sidhe came in, and said that the
child was chosen to be the bride of the prince of the dim
kingdom, but that as it would never do for his wife to
grow old and die while he was still in the first ardour of
his love, she would be gifted with a faery life. The
mother was to take the glowing log out of the fire and
bury it in the garden, and her child would live as long
as it remained unconsumed. The mother buried the log,
and the child grew up, became a beauty, and married
the prince, who came to her at nightfall. After seven
hundred years the prince died, and another prince ruled
in his stead a1\d married the beautiful peasant girl in his
tum; and after another seven hundred years he died
also, and another prince and another husband came in
his stead, and so on until she had had seven husbands.
At last one day the priest of the parish called upon her,
and told her that she was a scandal to the whole neighbourhood
with her seven husbands and her long life.
She was very sorry, she said, but she was not to blame,
and then she told him about the log, and he went
straight out and dug until he found it, and then they
burned it, and she died, and was buried like a Christian,
T he Untiring Ones
and everybody was pleased. Such a mortal too was
Clooth-na-Bare,r who went all over the world seeking
a lake deep enough to drown her faery life, of which
she had grown weary, leaping from hill to lake and lake
to hill, and setting up a cairn of stones wherever her
feet lighted, until at last she found the deepest water in
the world in little Lough la, on the top of the Birds'
Mountain at Sligo.
The two little creatures may well dance on, and the
woman of the log and Clooth-na-Bare sleep in peace,
for they have known untrammelled hate and unmixed
love, and have never wearied themselves with 'yes' and
'no,' or entangled their feet with the sorry net of 'maybe'
and 'perhaps.' The great winds came and took them
up into themselves.
I Doubtless Clooth-na-Bare should be Cailleac Beare, which
would mean the old Woman Beare. Beare or Bere or Verah or Dera
or Dhera was a very famous person, perhaps the Mother of the Gods
herself. Standish O'Grady found her, as he thinks, frequenting Lough
Leath, or the Grey Lake on a mountain of the F ews. Perhaps Lough
Ia is my mishearing, or the story-teller's mispronunciation of
Lough Leath, for there are many Lough Leaths.
79
'The Celtic 'Twilight
EARTH, FIRE AND WATER
SOME French writer that I read when I was a boy said
that the desert went into the heart of the Jews in their
wanderings and made them what they are. I cannot remember
by what argument he proved them to be even
yet the indestructible children of earth, but it may well
be that the elements have their children. If we knew the
Fire-Worshippers better we might find that their centuries
of pious observance have been rewarded, and that
the fire has given them a little of its nature; and I am
certain that the water, the water of the seas and of lakes
and of mist and rain, has all but made the Irish after its
image. Images form themselves in our minds perpetually
as if they were reflected in some pool. We gave
ourselves up in old times to mythology, and saw the
gods everywhere. We talked to them face to face, and
the stories of that communion are so many that I think
they outnumber all the like stories of all the rest of
Europe. Even to-day our countrypeople speak with
the dead and"with some who perhaps have never died
as we understand death; and even our educated people
pass without great difficulty into the condition of quiet
thatis the condition of vision. We can make our minds so
like still water that beings gather about us that they may
see, it may be, their own images, and so live for a moment
with a clearer, perhaps even with a fiercer life because
of our quiet. Did not the wise Porphyry think that all
souls come to be born because of water, and that 'even tlne
generation of images in the mind is from water'?
1902
80
The Old Town
THE OLD TOWN
I FELL, ~ne night some fifteen years ago, into what
seemed the power of Faery.
I had gone with a young man and his sister-friends
and relations of my own-to pick stories out of an old
countryman; and we were coming home talking over
what he had told us. It was dark, and our imaginations
were excited by his stories of apparitions, and this may
have brought us, unknown to us, to the threshold,
between sleeping and waking, where Sphinxes and
Chimeras sit open-eyed and where there are always
murmurings and whisperings. We had come under some
trees that made the road very dark, when the girl saw
a bright light moving slowly across the road. Her
brother and myself saw nothing, and did not see anything
until we had walked for about half an hour along
the edge of the river and down a narrow lane to some
fields where there were a ruined church covered with
ivy, and the foundations of what was called 'the Old
Town,' which had been burned down, it was said, in
Cromwell's day. We had stood for some few minutes,
so far as I can recollect, looking over the fields full of
stones and brambles and elder-bushes, when I saw a
small bright light on the horizon, as it seemed, mounting
up slowly towards the sky; then we saw other faint
lights for a minute or two, and at last a bright flame like
the flame of a torch moving rapidly over the river. We
sc1w it all in such a dream, and it seems all so unreal,
that I have never written of it until now, and hardly
ever spoken of it, and even when thinking, because of
81
The Celtic Twilight
some unreasonable impulse, I have avoided giving it
weight in the argument. Perhaps I have felt that my
recollections of things seen when the sense of reality was
weakened must be untrustworthy. A few months ago,
however, I talked it over with my two friends, and
compared their somewhat meagre recollections with my
own. That sense of unreality was all the more wonderful
because the next day I heard sounds as unaccountable
as were those lights, and without any emotion of
unreality, and I remember them with perfect distinctness
and confidence. The girl was sitting reading under
a large old-fashioned mirror, and I was reading and
writing a couple of yards away, when I heard a sound
as if a shower of peas had been thrown against the
mirror, and while I was looking at it I heard the sound
again, and presently, while I was alone in the room, I
heard a sound as if something much bigger than a pea
had struck the wainscoting beside my head. And after
that for some days came other sights and sounds, not to
me but to the girl, her brother, and the servants. Now
it was a bright light, now it was letters of fire that
vanished before they could b~ read, now it was a heavy
foot moving about in the seemingly empty house. One
wonders whether creatures who live, the countrypeople
believe, wherever men and women have lived in earlier
times, followed us from the ruins of the old town? or
did they come from the banks of the river by the trees
where the first light had shone for a moment?
1902
The c!Jl1an and His ~oots
THE MAN AND HIS BOOTS
THERE was a doubter in Donegal, and he would
not hear of ghosts or faeries, and there was a
house in Donegal that had been haunted as long
as man could remember, and this is the story of how
the house got the better of the man. The man came
into the house and lighted a fire in the room under
the haunted one, and took off his boots and set
them on the hearth, and stretched out his feet and
warmed himself. For a time he prospered in his unbelief;
but a little while after the night had fallen,
and everything had got very dark, one of his boots
began to move. It got up off the floor and gave a
kind of slow jump towards the door, and then the
other boot did the same, and after that the first
boot jumped again. And thereupon it occurred to
the man that an invisible being had got into his
boots, and was now going away in them. When the
boots reached the door they went upstairs slowly,
and then the man heard them go tramp, tramp round
the haunted room over his head. A few minutes
passed, and he could hear them again upon the stairs,
and after that in the passage outside, and then one
of them came in at the door, and the other gave a
jump past it and came in too. They jumped along
towards him, and then one got up and hit him, and
akerwards the other hit him, and then again the first
hit him, and so on, until they drove him out of the
room, and finally out of the house. In this way he
r he Celtic Twilight
was kicked out by his own boots, and Donegal was
avenged upon its doubter. It is not recorded whether
the invisible being was a ghost or one of the Sidhe,
but the fantastic nature of the vengeance is like the
work of the Sidhe who live in the heart of fantasy.
(!/f Coward
A COWARD
ONE day I was at the house of my friend the strong
farmer, who lives beyond Ben Bulben and Cope's
mountain, and met there a young lad who seemed to
be disliked by the two daughters. I asked why they
disliked him, and was told he was a coward. This interested
me, for some whom robust children of Nature
take to be cowards are but men and women with a
nervous system too finely made for their life and work.
I looked at the lad; but no, that pink-and-white face
and strong body had nothing of undue sensibility.
After a little he told me his story. He had lived a wild
and reckless life, until one day, two years before, he
was coming home late at night, and suddenly felt himself
sinking in, as it were, upon the ghostly world. For
a moment he saw the face of a dead brother rise up before
him, and then he turned and ran. He did not stop
till he came to a cottage nearly a mile down the road.
He flung himself against the door with so much of violence
that he broke the thick wooden bolumd fell upon
the floor. From that day he gave up his wild life, but
was a hopeless coward. Nothing could ever bring him
to look, either by day or night, upon the spot where he
had seen the face, and he <;>ften went two miles round
to avoid it; nor could, he said, 'the prettiest girl in the
country' persuade him to see her home after a party if
he were alone.
The Celtic Twilight
THE THREE O'BYRNES AND THE EVIL FAERIES
IN the dim kingdom there is a great abundance of all
excellent things. There is more love there than upon
the earth; there is more dancing there than upon the
earth; and there is more treasure there than upon the
earth. In the beginning the earth was perhaps made to
fulfil the desire of man, but now it has got old and fallen
into decay. What wonder if we try and pilfer the treasures
of that other kingdom!
A friend was once at a village near Slieve League.
One day he was straying about a rath called 'Cashel
Nore.' A man with a haggard face and unkempt hair,
and clothes falling in pieces, came into the rath and
began digging. My friend turned to a peasant who was
working near and asked who the man was. 'That is the
third O'Byrne,' was the answer. A few days after he
learned this story: A great quantity of treasure had
been buried in the rath in pagan times, and a number of
evil faeries set to guard it; but some day it was to be
found and bdong to the family of the O'Byrnes. Before
that day three O'Byrnes must find it and die. Two had
already done so. The first had dug and dug until at last
he got a glimpse of the stone coffin that contained it,
but immediately a thing like a huge hairy dog came
down the mountain and tore him to pieces. The next
morning the treasure had again vanished deep into the
earth. The second O'Byrne came and dug and dug until
he found the coffin, and lifted the lid and saw the
gold shining within. He saw some horrible sight the
next moment, and went raving mad and soon died. The
86
The Three OJ'Byrnes and the evil Faeries
treasure again sank out of sight. The third O'Byrne is
now digging. He believes that he will die in some terrible
way the moment he finds the treasure, but that the
spell will'be broken, and the O'Byrne family made rich
for ever, as they were of old.
A peasant of the neighbourhood once saw the treasure.
He found the shin-bone of a hare lying on the
grass. He took it up; there was a hole in it; he looked
through the hole, and saw the gold heaped up under
the ground. He hurried home to bring a spade, but
when he got to the rath again he could not find the spot
where he had seen it.
crhe Celtic cr wilight
DRUMCLIFF AND ROSSES
DRUMCLIFF and Rosses were, are, and ever shall be,
please Heaven! places of unearthly resort. I have lived
near by them and in them, time after time, and thereby
gathered much faery lore. Drumcliff is a wide green
valley, lying at the foot of Ben Bulben, whereon the
great Saint Columba himself, the builder of many of
the old ruins in the valley, climbed one day to get near
Heaven with his prayers. Rosses is a little sea-dividing,
sandy plain, covered with short grass, like a green
table-cloth, and lying in the foam midway between the
round cairn-headed Knocknarea and 'Ben Bulben,
famous for hawks':
But for Ben Bulben and Knocknarea
Many a poor sailor' d be cast away,
as the rhyme goes.
At the northern corner of Rosses is a little promontory
of sand and rocks and grass: a mournful, haunted
place. Few countrymen would fall asleep under its low
cliff, for he who sleeps here may wake 'silly', the Sidhe
having carried off his soul. There is no more ready
short-cut to the dim kingdom than this plovery headland,
for, covered and smothered now from sight by
mounds of sand, a long cave goes thither 'full of gold
and silver, and the most beautiful parlours and drawingrooms.'
Once, before the sand covered it, a dog strayed
in, and was heard yelping helplessly deep underground
in a fort far inland. These forts or raths, made befo!l'e
modem history had begun, cover all Rosses and all
Columcille. The one where the dog yelped has, like
88
CfJrumcliff and 'Rgsses
most others, an underground beehive chamber in the
midst. Once when I was poking about there, an unusually
intelligent and 'reading' countryman who had
corne with me, and waited outside, knelt down by
the opening, and whispered in a timid voice, 'Are
you all right, sir?' I had been some little while underground,
and he feared I had been carried off like the
dog.
This fort or rath is on the ridge of a small hill, on
whose northern slope lie a few stray cottages. One
night a farmer's young son carne from one of them and
saw it all flaming, and ran towards it, but the 'glamour'
fell on him, and he sprang on to a fence, cross-legged,
and commenced beating it with a stick, for he imagined
the fence was a horse. In the morning he was still beating
his fence, still riding across country as it seemed to
him, and they carried him horne, where he remained
a simpleton for three years before he carne to himself
again. A little later a farmer tried to level the fort. His
cows and horses died, and all manner of trouble overtook
him, and finally he himself was led llome, and left
useless with 'his head on his knees by the fire to the day
of his death.'
A few hundred yards southwards of the northern
angle of Rosses is another angle having also its cave,
though this one is not covered with sand. About twenty
years ago a brig was wrecked near by, and three or four
fishermen were put to watch the deserted hulk through
t~e darkness. At midnight they saw sitting on a stone at
the cave's mouth two red-capped fiddlers fiddling with
all their might. The men fled. A great crowd of villagers
'The Celtic Twilight
rushed down to the cave to see the fiddlers, but the
creatures had gone.
To the wise peasant the green hills and woods round
him are full of never-fading mystery. When the aged
countrywoman stands at her door in the evening, and,
in her own words, 'looks at the mountains and thinks
of the goodness of God,' God is all the nearer, because
the pagan powers are not far: because northward in Ben
Bulben, famous for hawks, the white square door swings
open at sundown, and those wild unchristian riders
rush forth upon the fields, while southward the White
Lady, who is doubtless Maeve herself, wanders under
the broad cloud nightcap of Knocknarea. How may she
doubt these things, even though the priest shakes his
head at her? Did not a herd-boy, no long while since,
see the White Lady? She passed so close that the skirt of
her dress touched him. 'He fell down, and was dead
three days.'
One night as I sat eating Mrs. H--'s soda-bread,
her husband told me a longish story, much the best of
all I heard in Rosses. Many a poor man from Finn mac
Cumhal to our own days has had some such adventure
to tell of, for the 'Good People' love to repeat themselves.
At any rate the story-tellers do. 'In the times
when we used to travel by the canal,' he said, 'I was
coming down from Dublin. When we came to Mullingar
the canal ended, and I began to walk, and stiff and
fatigued I was after the slowness. I had some friends
with me, and now and then we walked, now and then
we rode in a cart. So on till we saw some girls milking
cows, and stopped to joke with them. After a while we
'Drumcliff and ~sses
asked them for a drink of milk. "We have nothing to
put it in here," they said, "but come to the house with
us." We went home with them, and sat round the fire
talking. After a while the others went, and left me, loath
to stir from the good fire. I asked the girls for something
to eat. There was a pot on the fire, and they took the
meat out and put it on a plate, and told me to eat only
the meat that came off the head. When I had eaten, the
girls went out, and I did not see them again. It grew
darker and darker, and there I still sat, loath as ever to
leave the good fire, and after a while two men came in,
carrying between them a corpse. When I saw them coming
I hid behind the door. Says one to the other, putting
the corpse on the spit, "Who'll turn the meat?" Says
the other, "Michael H--, come out of that and
turn the meat." I came out all of a tremble, and began
turning the corpse. "Michael H--," says the one who
spoke first, "if you let it burn we'll have to put you on
the spit instead"; and on that they went out. I sat there
trembling and turning the corpse till towards midnight.
The men came again, and the one said it was burnt, and
the other said it was done right. But having fallen out over
it, they both said they would do me no harm that time;
and, sitting by the fire, one of them cried out: "Michael
H--, can you tell me a story?" "Divil a one," said 1.
On which he caught me by the shoulder, and put me
out like a shot. It was a wild blowing night. Never in
all my born days did I see such a night-the darkest
mght that ever came out of the heavens. I did not know
where I was for the life of me. So when one of the men
came after me and touched me on the shoulder, with
'The Celtic 'Twilight
a "Michael H--, can you tell a story now?" "I can,"
says r. In he brought me; and putting me by the fire,
says, "Begin." "I have no story but the one," says I,
"that I was sitting here, and you two men brought in a
corpse and put it on the spit, and set me turning it."
"That will do," says he; "ye may go in there and lie
down on the bed." And I went, nothing loath; and in
the morning where was I but in the middle of a green
field l'
Drumcliff is a great place for omens. Before a prosperous
fishing season a herring-barrel appears in the
midst of a storm-cloud; and at a place called Columcille's
Strand, a place of marsh and mire, an ancient
boat, with Saint Columba himself, comes floating in
from sea on a moonlight night; a portent of a brave
harvesting. They have their dread portents too. Some
few seasons ago a fisherman saw, far on the horizon, renowned
Hy Brazil, where he who touches shall find no
more labour or care, nor cynic laughter, but shall go
walking about under shadiest bos~age, and enjoy the
conversation ~f Cuchulain and his heroes. A vision of
Hy Brazil forebodes national troubles.
Drumcliff and Rosses are choke-full of ghosts. By
bog, road, rath, hillside, sea-border they gather in all
shapes: headless women, men in armour, shadow hares,
fire-tongued hounds, whistling seals, and so on. A
whistling seal sank a ship the other day. At Drumcliff
there is a very ancient graveyard. The Annals of the Four
Masters have this verse about a soldier named Denadhach,
who died in 871: 'A pious soldier of the race of
Conn lies under hazel crosses at DrumcHff.' Not very
en rumcliff and 1V!Jses
long ago an old woman, turning to go into the churchyard
at night to pray, saw standing before her a man in
armour, who asked her where she was going. It was the
'pious soldier of the race of Conn,' says local wisdom,
still keeping watch, with his ancient piety, over the
graveyard. Again, the custom is still common hereabouts
of sprinkling the doorstep with the blood of a chicken
on the death of a very young child, thus (as the belief
is) drawing into the blood the evil spirits from the too
weak soul. Blood is a great gatherer of evil spirits. To
cut your hand on a stone on going into a fort is said to
be very dangerous.
There is no more curious ghost in Drumclitf or
Rosses than the snipe-ghost. There is a bush behind a
house in a village that I know well: for excellent reasons
I do not say whether in Drumclitf or Rosses or on the
slope of Ben Bulben, or even on the plain round Knocknarea.
There is a history concerning the house and the
bush. A man once lived there who found on the quay of
Sligo a package containing three hundred pounds in
notes. It was dropped by a foreign sea-captain. This my
man knew, but said nothing. It was money for freight,
and the sea-captain, not daring to face his owners, committed
suicide in mid-ocean. Shortly afterwards my man
died. His soul could not rest. At any rate, strange sounds
were heard round his house. The wife was often seen
by those still alive out in the garden praying at the bush
I have spoken of, for the shade of the dead man
appeared there at times. The bush remains to this day:
once portion of a hedge, it now stands by itself, for
no one dare put spade or pruning-knife about it. As
93
The Celtic Twilight
to the strange sounds and voices, they did not cease
till a few years ago, when, during some repairs, a snipe
flew out of the solid plaster and away; the troubled
ghost, say the neighbours, of the note-finder was at
last dislodged.
My forebears and relations have lived near Rosses
and Drumcliff these many years. A few miles northward
I am wholly a stranger, and can find nothing.
When I ask for stories of the faeries, my answer is some
such as was given me by a woman who lives near a
white stone fort-one of the few stone ones in Ireland
-under the seaward angle of Ben Bulben: 'They always
mind their own affairs and I always mind mine':
for it is dangerous to talk of them. Only friendship for
yourself or knowledge of your forebears will loosen
these cautious tongues. One friend of mine (I do not
give his name for fear of gaugers) has the science of unpacking
the stubbornest heart, but then he supplies the
potheen-makers with grain from his own fields. Besides,
he is descended from a noted Gaelic magician, and he
has a kind of prescriptive right to hear tell of all kinds of
other-world creatures. They are relations of his, if all
people say concerning the parentage of magicians be
true.
94
'The 'Thick Skull oj the :fortunate
THE THICK SKULL OF THE FORTUNATE
I
ONCE a 'number of Icelandic peasantry found a very
thick skull in the cemetery where the poet Egil was
buried. Its great thickness made them feel certain it was
the skull of a great man, doubtless of Egil himself. To
be doubly sure they put it on a wall and hit it hard
blows with a hammer. Itgot white where the blows fell,
but did not break, and they were convinced that it was
in truth the skull of the poet, and worthy of every
honour. In Ireland we have much kinship with the Icelanders,
ot 'Danes' as we call them, and all other dwellers
in the Scandinavian countries. In some of our mountainous
and barren places, and in our seaboard villages,
we still test each other in much the same way the Icelanders
tested the head of Egil. We may have acquired
the custom from those ancient Danish pirates, whose
descendants, the people of Rosses tell me, still remember
every field and hillock in Ireland which once belonged
to their forebears, and are able to describ~ Rosses itself
as well as any native. There is one seaboard district
known as Roughley, where the men are never known
to shave or trim their wild red beards, and where there
is a fight ever on foot. I have seen them at a boat-race
fall foul of each other, and after much loud Gaelic, strike
each other with oars. The first boat had gone aground,
and by dint of hitting out with the long oars kept the
s\iCond boat from passing, only to give the victory to
the third. One day, the Sligo people say, a man from
Roughley was tried in Sligo for breaking a skull in a
95
The Celtic Twilight
row, and made the defence, not unknown in Ireland,
that some heads are so thin you cannot be responsible
for them. Having turned with a look of passionate contempt
towards the solicitor who was prosecuting, and
cried, 'That little fellow's skull if yewere to hit it would
go like an egg-shell,' he beamed upon the judge, and
said in a wheedling voice, 'but a man might wallop
away at your lordship's for a fortnight.'
II
I wrote all this years ago, out of what were even then
old memories. I was in Roughley the other day, and
found it much like other desolate places. I may have
been thinking ofMoughorow, a much wilder place, for
the memories of one's childhood are brittle things to
lean upon.
1902
The 1{digion of a Sailor
THE RELIGION OF A SAILOR
A SEA-CAPTAIN when he stands upon the bridge, or looks
out fro~ his deck-house, thinks much about God and
about the world. A way in the valley yonder among the
corn and the poppies men may well forget all things
except the warmth of the sun upon the face, and the
kind shadow under the hedge; but he who journeys
through storm and darkness must needs think and think.
One July a couple of years ago I took my supper with
a Captain Moran on board the S.s. Margaret, that had
put into a western river from I know not where. I found
him a man of many notions all flavoured with his
personality, as is the way with sailors.
'Sur,' said he, 'did you ever hear tell of the seacaptain's
prayer?'
'No,' said I; 'what is it?'
'It is,' he replied, ' "0 Lord, give me a stiff upper
lip." ,
'And what does that mean?'
'It means,' he said, 'that when they come to me some
night and wake me up, and say, "Captain, we're going
down," that I won't make a fool 0' meself. Why, sur,
we war in mid Atlantic, and I standin' on the bridge,
when the third mate comes up to me lookjn' mortial
bad. Says he, "Captain, all's up with us." Says I, "Didn't
you know when you joined that a certain percentage
go down every year?" "Yes, sur," says he; and says I,
... Aren't you paid to go down?" "Yes, sur," says he;
and says I, "Then go down like a man, and be damned
to you!" ,
97
The Celtic Twilight
CONCERNING THE NEARNESS TOGETHER OF
HEAVEN, EARTH, AND PURGATORY
IN Ireland this world and the world we go to after
death are not far apart. I have heard of a ghost that
was many years in a tree and many years in the
archway of a bridge, and myoId Mayo woman says,
'There is a bush up at my own place, and the people
do be saying that there are two souls doing their
penance under it. When the wind blows one way
the one has shelter, and when it blows from the north
the other has shelter. It is twisted over with the
way they be rooting under it for shelter. I don't
believe it, but there is many a one would not pass
by it at night.' Indeed there are times when the
worlds are so near together that it seems as if our
earthly chattels were no more than the shadows of
things beyond. A lady I knew once saw a village child
running about with a long trailing petticoat upon
her, and askeM why she did not have it cut short. 'It
was my grandmother's,' said the child; 'would you
have her going about yonder with her petticoat
up to her knees, and she dead but four days?' I have
read a story of a woman whose ghost haunted her
people because they had made her grave-clothes so
short that the fires of Purgatory burned her knees.
The peasantry expect to have beyond the grave
houses much like their earthly houses, only there tlI~
thatch will never grow leaky, nor the white walls
lose their lustre, nor shall the dairy be at any time
~arness of Heaven, earth, and Purgatory
empty of good milk and butter. But now and then a
landlord or an agent or a gauger will go by begging
for bread, to show how God divides the righteous
from the unrighteous.
1892 and 1902
99
The Celtic Twilight
THE EATERS OF PRECIOUS STONES
SOMETIMES when I have been shut off from common
interests, and have for a little forgotten to be restless,
I get waking dreams, now faint and shadow-like, now
vivid and solid-looking, like the material world under
my feet. Whether they be faint or vivid, they are ever
beyond the power of my will to alter in any way. They
have their own will, and sweep hither and thither, and
change according to its commands. One day I saw
faintly an immense pit of blackness, round which went
a circular parapet, and on this parapet sat innumerable
apes eating precious stones out of the palms of their
hands. The stones glittered green and crimson, and the
apes devoured them with an insatiable hunger. I knew
that I saw my own Hell there, the Hell of the artist, and
that all who sought after beautiful and wonderful things
with too avid a thirst, lost peace and form and became
shapeless and common. I have seen into other people's
Hells also, and saw in one an infernal Peter, who had a
black face ana white lips, and who weighed on a curious
double scales not only the evil deeds committed,
but the good deeds left undone, of certain invisible
shades. I could see the scales go up and down, but I
could not see the shades who were, I knew, crowding
about him. I saw on another occasion a quantity of
demons of all kinds of shapes-fish-like, serpent-like,
ape-like, and dog-like--sitting about a black pit such
as that in my own Hell, and looking at the moon-like
reflection of the heavens which shone up from the
depths of the pit.
/
100
Our Lady of the Hills
OUR LADY OF THE HILLS
WHEN we were children we did not say 'at such a distance
from the post-office,' or 'so far from the butcher's
or the grocer's,' but measured things by the covered
well in the wood, or by the burrow of the fox in the hill.
We belonged then to God and to His works, and to
things come down from the ancient days. We would
not have been greatly surprised had we met the shining
feel of an angel among the white mushrooms upon the
mountains, for we knew in those days immense despair,
unfathomed love-every eternal mood,-butnow
the draw-net is about our feet. A few miles eastward of
Lough Gill, a young Protestant girl, who was both pretty
herself and prettily dressed in blue and white, wandered
up among those mountain mushrooms, and I have a letter
of hers telling how she met a troop of children, and became
a portion of their dream. When they first saw her
they threw themselves face down in a bed of rushes, as if
ina great fear; but after a littleotherchildl"'encameabout
them, and they got up and followed her almost bravely.
She noticed their fear, and presently stood still and held
out her arms. A little girl threw herself into them with
the cry, 'Ah, you are the Virgin out 0' the picture!'
'No,' said another, coming near also, 'she is a sky faery,
for she has the colour of the sky.' 'No,' said a third,
'she is the faery out of the foxglove grown big.' The
<1ther children, however, would have it that she was
indeed the Virgin, for she wore the Virgin's colours.
Her good Protestant heart was greatly troubled, and
101
The Celtic Twilight
she got the children to sit down about her, and tried to
explain who she was, but they would have none of
her explanation. Finding explanation of no avail,
she asked had they ever heard of Christ? 'Yes,' said
one; 'but we do not like Him, for He would kill us if
it were not for the Virgin.' 'Tell Him to be good to
me,' whispered another into her ear. 'He would not
let me near Him, for dad says I am a divil,' burst out
a third.
She talked to them a long time about Christ and the
apostles, but was finally interrupted by an elderly
woman with a stick, who, taking her to be some adventurous
hunter for converts, drove the children
away, despite their explanation that here was the great
Queen of Heaven come to walk upon the mountain
and be kind to them. When the children had gone she
went on her way, and had walked about half a mile,
when the child who was called 'a divil' jumped down
from the high ditch by the lane, and said she would believe
her 'an ordinary lady' if she had 'two skirts,' for
'ladies alway~ had two skirts.' The 'two skirts' were
shown, and the child went away crestfallen, but a few
minutes later jumped down again from the ditch, and
cried angrily, 'Dad's a divi!, mum's a divil, and I'm a
divil, and you are only an ordinary lady; and having
flung a handful of mud and pebbles ran away sobbing.
When my pretty Protestant had come to her own home
she found that she had dropped the tassels of her
parasol. A year later she was by chance upon tIfe
mountain, but wearing now a plain black dress, and
met the child who had first called her the Virgin out
102
Our Lady of the Hills
0' the picture, and saw the tassels hanging about the
child's neck, and said, 'I am the lady you met last
year, who told you about Christ.' 'No, you are not!
no, you are not! no, you are not!' was the passionate
reply.
I03
T be Celtic cr wiligbt
THE GOLDEN AGE
A WHILE ago I was in the train, and getting near Sligo.
The last time I had been there something was troubling
me, and I had longed for a message from those beings
or bodiless moods, or whatever they be, who inhabit
the world of spirits. The message came, for one night
I saw with blinding distinctness, as I lay between sleeping
and waking, a black animal, half weasel, half dog,
moving along the top of a stone wall, and presently the
black animal vanished, and from the other side came a
white weasel-like dog, his pink flesh shining through
his white hair and all in a blaze of light; and I remembered
a peasant belief about two faery dogs who go
about representing day and night, good and evil, and
was comforted by the excellent omen. But now I longed
for a message of another kind, and chance, if chance
there is, brought it, for a man got into the carriage and
began to play on a fiddle made apparently of an old
blacking~box, and though I am quite unmusical the
sounds fillec:fme with the strangest emotions. I seemed
to hear a voice of lamentation out of the Golden Age.
It told me that we are imperfect, incomplete, and no
more like a beautiful woven web, but like a bundle of
cords knotted together and flung into a comer. It said
that the world was once all perfect and kindly, and that
still the kindly and perfect world existed, but buried
like a mass of roses under many spadefuls of earth.
The faeries and the more innocent of the spirits dwelt
within it, and lamented over our fallen world in the
lamentation of the wind-tossed reeds, in the song of the
104
The golden r:A.ge
birds, in the moan of the waves, and in the sweet cry of
the fiddle. It said that with us the beautiful are not
clever and the clever are not beautiful, and that the best
of our mo'ments are marred by a little vulgarity, or by
a needle-prick out of sad recollection, and that the
fiddle must ever lament about it all. It said that if only
they who live in the Golden Age could die we might
be happy, for the sad voices would be still; but they
must sing and we must weep until the eternal gates
swmg open.
The Celtic 'Twilight
A REMONSTRANCE WITH SCOTSMEN FOR HAVING
SOURED THE DISPOSITION OF THEIR
GHOSTS AND FAERIES
NOT only in Ireland is faery belief still extant. It was
only the other day I heard of a Scottish farmer who believed
that the lake in front of his house was haunted
by a water-horse. He was afraid of it, and dragged the
lake with nets, and then tried to pump it empty. It
would have been a bad thing for the water-horse had he
found him. An Irish peasant would have long since
come to terms with the creature. For in Ireland there is
something of timid affection between men and spirits.
They only ill-treat each other in reason; each admits the
other to have feelings. There are points beyond which
neither will go. No Irish peasant would treat a captured
faery as did the man Campbell tells of. He caught a
kelpie, and tied her behind him on his horse. She was
fierce, but he kept her quiet by driving an awl and a
needle into her. They came to a river, and she grew
very restless;- fearing to cross the water. Again he drove
the awl and needle into her. She cried out, 'Pierce me
with the awl, but keep that slender, hair-like slave (the
needle) out of me.' They came to an inn. He turned the
light of a lantern on her; immediately she dropped down
'like a falling star', and changed into a lump of jelly. She
was dead. Nor would they treat the faeries as one is
treated in an old Highland poem. A faery loved a little
child who used to cut turf at the side of a faery hHl.
Every day the faery put out his hand from the hill with
an enchanted knife. The child used to cut the turf with
106
c.A. ~monstrance with Scotsmen
the knife. It did not take long, the knife being charmed.
Her brothers wondered why she was done so quickly.
At last they resolved to watch, and find out who helped
her. They'saw the small hand come out of the earth, and
the little child take from it the knife. When the turf was
all cut, they saw her make three taps on the ground with
the handle. The small hand came out of the hill. Snatching
the knife from the child, they cut the hand off with
a blow. The faery was never again seen. He drew his
bleeding arm into the earth, thinking, as it is recorded,
he Bad lost his hand through the treachery of the
child.
In Scotland you are too theological, too gloomy.You
have made even the Devil religious. 'Where do you
live, good-wyf, and how is the minister?' he said to the
witch when he met her on the high-road, as it came out
in the trial. You have burnt all the witches. In Ireland
we have left them alone. To be sure, the 'loyal minority'
knocked out the eye of one with a cabbage-stump
on the 31st of March I7II,in the town of Carrick fergus.
But then the 'loyal minority' is half Scotti~. You have
discovered the faeries to be pagan and wicked. You
would like to have them all up before the magistrate. In
Ireland warlike mortals have gone among them, and
helped them in their battles, and they in turn have
taught men great skill with herbs, and permitted some
few to hear their tunes. Carolan slept upon a faery rath.
Ever after their tunes ran in his head, and made him the
gn!at musician he was. In Scotland you have denounced
them from the pulpit. In Ireland they have been permitted
by the priests to consult them on the state of
107
rhe Celtic r wilight
their souls. Unhappily the priests have decided that they
have no souls, that they will dry up like so much bright
vapour at the last day; but more in sadness than in
anger. The Catholic religion likes to keep on good
terms with its neighbours.
These two different ways of looking at things have
influenced in each country the whole world of sprites
and goblins. For their gay and graceful doings you
must go to Ireland; for their deeds of terror to Scotland.
Our Irish faery terrors have about them something of
make-believe. When a countryman strays into arl enchanted
hovel, and is made to tum a corpse all night on
a spit before the fire, we do not feel anxious; we know
he will wake in the midst of a green field, the dew on
his old coat. In Scotland it is altogether different. You
have soured the naturally excellent disposition of ghosts
and goblins. The piper M'Crimmon of the Hebrides
shouldered his pipes and marched into a sea cavern,
playing loudly, and followed by his dog. For a long
time the people could hear the pipes. He must havegone
nearly a mile, when they heard the sound of a struggle.
Then the piping ceased suddenly. Some time went by,
and then his dog came out of the cavern completely
flayed, too weak even to howl. Nothing else ever came
out of the cavern. Then there is the tale of the man who
dived into a lake where treasure was thought to be. He
saw a great coffer of iron. Close to the coffer lay a
monster, who warned him to return whence he came.
He rose to the surface; but the bystanders, when trley
heard he had seen the treasure, persuaded him to dive
again. He dived. In a little while his heart and liver
108
e..A ~monstrttnce with Scotsmen
floated up, reddening the water. No man ever saw the
rest of his body.
These water-goblins and water-monsters are common
in Scottish folk-lore. We have them too, but take
them much less dreadfully. A hole in the Sligo river is
haunted by one of these monsters. He is ardently believed
in by many, but that does not prevent the countrypeople
playing with the subject, and surrounding it
with deliberate fantasy. When I was a small boy I fished
one day for congers in the monster's hole. Returning
home, a great eel on my shoulder, his head flapping
down in front, his tail sweeping the ground behind, I
met a fisherman of my acquaintance. I began a tale of
an immense conger, three times larger than the one I
carried, that had broken my line and escaped. 'That was
him,' said the fisherman. 'Did you ever hear how he
made my brother emigrate? My brother was a diver, as
you know, and grubbed stones for the Harbour Board.
One day the beast comes up to him, and says, "What
are you ail'.t er.; l" CIS tones, sur, "sahys e . "Do n ' t you
think you had better be going?" "Yes, slolr," says he.
And that's why my brother emigrated.'
The Celtic Twilight
WAR
WHEN there was a rumour of war with France a while
ago, I met a poor Sligo woman, a soldier's widow, that
I know, and I read her a sentence out of a letter I had
just had from London: 'The people here are mad for
war, but France seems inclined to take things peacefully,'
or some like sentence. Her mind ran a good deal
on war, which she imagined partly from what she had
heard from soldiers, and partly from tradition of the
rebellion of '98, but the word London doubled, her
interest, for she knew there were a great many people
in London, and she herself had once lived in 'a congested
district.' 'There are too many over one another
in London. They are getting tired of the world. It is
killed they want to be. It will be no matter; but sure the
French want nothing but peace and quietness. The
people here don't mind the war coming. They could
not be worse than they are. They may as well die
soldierly before God. Sure they will get quarters in
Heaven.' Tht.:n she began to say that it would be a hard
thing to see children tossed about on bayonets, and I
knew her mind was running on traditions of the great
rebellion. She said presently, 'I never knew a man that
was in a battle that liked to speak of it after. They'd
sooner be throwing hay down from a hayrick.' She told
me how she and her neighbours used to be sitting over
the fire when she was a girl, talking of the war that was
coming, and now she was afraid it was coming aga.in,
for she had dreamed that all the bay was 'stranded and
covered with seaweed.' I asked her if it was in the
IIO
War
Fenian times that she had been so much afraid of war
coming. But she cried out, 'Never had I such fun and
pleasure as in the Fenian times. I was in a house where
some of the officers used to be staying, and in the daytime
I would be walking after the soldiers' band, and
at night 1'd be going down to the end of the garden
watching a soldier, with his red coat on him, drilling
the Fenians in the field behind the house. One night
the boys tied the liver of an old horse, that had been
dead three weeks, to the knocker, and I found it when
I opened the door in the morning.' And presently our
talk of war shifted, as it had a way of doing, to the
battle of the Black Pig, which seems to her a battle between
Ireland and England, but to me an Armageddon
which shall quench all things in the Ancestral Darkness
again, and from this to sayings about war and vengeance.
'Do you know,' she said, 'what the curse of
the Four Fathers is? They put the man-child on the
spear, and somebody said to them, "You will be cursed
in the fourth generation after you," and that is why disease
or anything always comes in the fourtlfgeneration.'
1902
•
III
:r be (eltic :r wiligbt
THE QUEEN AND THE FOOL
I HAVE heard one Hearne, a witch-doctor, who is on the
border of Clare and Galway, say that in 'every household'
of Faery 'there is a queen and a fool,' and that if
you are 'touched' by either you never recover, though
you may from the touch of any other in Faery. He said
of the fool that he was 'maybe the wisest of all,' and
spoke of him as dressed like one of 'the mummers that
used to be going about the country.' I remember seeing
a long, lank, ragged man sitting by the hearth iri. the
cottage of an old miller not far from where I am now
writing, and being told that he was a fool; and from
the stories that a friend has gathered for me I find that
he is believed to go to Faery in his sleep; but whether
he becomes an Amaddn-na-Breena, a fool of the forth,
and is attached to a household there, I cannot tell. It
was an old woman that I know well, and who has been
in Faery herself, that spoke to my friend about him. She
said, 'There are fools amongst them, and the fools we
see, like that Amaddn of Ballylee, go away with them
at night, and so do the woman fools that we call Oinseachs
(apes).' A woman who is related to the witchdoctor
on the border of Clare, and who can cure people
and cattle by spells, said, 'There are some cures I can't
do. I can't help anyone that has got a stroke from the
queen or the fool of the forth. I knew of a woman that
saw the queen one time, and she looked like any Christian.
I never heard of any that saw the fool but c?ne
woman that was walking near Gort, and she said,
"There is the fool of the forth coming after me." So her
II2
The ~en and the Fool
friends that were with her called out, though they could
see nothing, and I suppose he went away at that, for she
got no harm. He was like a big strong man, she said,
and half naked, and that is all she said about him. I have
never seen any myself, but I am a cousin of Hearne,
and my uncle was away twenty-one years.' The wife of
the old miller said, 'It is said they are mostly good neighbours,
but the stroke of the fool is what there is no cure
for; anyone that gets that is gone. The Amadcin-naBreena
we call him!' And an old woman who lives in
the Bog of Kiltartan, and is very poor, said, 'It is true
enough, there is no cure for the stroke of the Amaddnna-
Breena. There was an old man I knew long ago, he
had a tape, and he could tell what diseases you had with
measuring you; and he knew many things. And he said
to me one time, "What month of the year is the worst?"
and I said, "The month of May, of course." "It is not,"
he said; "but the month of June, for that's the month
that the Amaddn gives his stroke!" They say he looks
like any other man, but he's leathan (wide), and not
smart. I knew a boy one time got a great fright, for a
lamb looked over the wall at him with a beard on it, and
he knew it was the Amaddn, for it was the month of
June. And they brought him to that man I was telling
about, that had the tape, and when he saw him he said,
"Send for the priest, and get a Mass said over him."
And so they did, and what would you say but he's living
yet and has a family! A certain Regan said, "They,
the- other sort of people, might be passing you close
here and they might touch you. But any that gets the
touch of the Amaddn-na-Breena is done for." It's true
II3
roe Celtic Twilight
enough that it's in the month of June he's most likely
to give the touch. I knew one that got it, and he told
me about it himself. He was a boy I knew well, and he
told me that one night a gentleman came to him, that
had been his landlord, and that was dead. And he told
him to come along with him, for he wanted him to fight
another man. And when he went he found two great
troops of them, and the other troop had a living man
with them too, and he was put to fight him. And they
had a great fight, and he got the better of the other man,
and then the troop on his side gave a great shout; and
he was let home again. But about three years after that
he was cutting bushes in a wood and he saw the Amadcf.n
coming at him. He had a big vessel in his arms, and it
was shining, so that the boy could see nothing else; but
he put it behind his back then and came running, and
the boy said he looked wild and wide, like the side of
the hill. And the boy ran, and he threw the vessel after
him, and it broke with a great noise, and whatever came
out ofit, his head was gone there and then. He lived for
a while afte:-, and used to tell us many things, but his
wits were gone. He thought they mjghtn't have liked
him to beat the other man, and he used to be afraid
something would come on him.' And an old woman in
Galway workhouse, who had some little knowledge of
Queen Maeve, said the other day, 'The Amadcin-naBreena
changes his shape every two days. Sometimes
he comes like a youngster, and then he'll come like the
worst of beasts, trying to give the touch he used to"be.
I heard it said of late he was shot, but I think myself it
would be hard to shoot him.'
'The §2Een and the Fool
I knew a man who was trying to bring before his
mind's eye an image of Aengus, the old Irish god of
love and poetry and ecstasy, who changed four of his
kisses into 'birds, and suddenly the image of a man with
a cap and bells rushed before his mind's eye, and grew
vivid and spoke and called itself 'Aengus' messenger.'
And I knew another man, a truly great seer, who saw
a white fool in a visionary garden, where there was a
tree with peacocks' feathers instead of leaves, and
flowers that opened to show little human faces when
the white fool had touched them with his cockscomb,
and he saw at another time a white fool sitting by a
pool and smiling and watching images of beautiful
women floating up from the pool.
What else can death be but the beginning of wisdom
and power and beauty? and foolishness may be a kind
of death. I cannot think it wonderful that many should
see a fool with a shining vessel of some enchantment
or wisdom or dream too powerful for mortal brains in
'every household of them.' It is natural, too, that there
should be a queen to every household of them, and that
one should hear little of their kings, for women come
more easily than men to that wisdom which ancient
peoples, and all wild peoples even now, think the
only wisdom. The self, which is the foundation of our
knowledge, is broken in pieces by foolishness, and is
forgotten in the sudden emotions of women, and therefore
fools may get, and women do get of a certainty,
glimpses of much that sanctity finds at the end of its
painful journey. The man who saw the white fool said
of a certain woman, not a peasant woman, 'If! had her
The Celtic Twilight
power of vision I would know all the wisdom of the
gods, and her visions do not interest her.' And I know
of another woman, also not a peasant woman, who
would pass in sleep into countries of an unearthly
beauty, and who never cared for anything but to be
busy about her house and her children; and presently
a herb doctor cured her, as he called it. Wisdom and
beauty and power may sometimes, as I think, come to
those who die every day they live, though their dying
may not be like the dying Shakespeare spoke of. There
is a war between the living and the dead, and the- Irish
stories keep harping upon it. They will have it that
when the potatoes or the wheat or any other of the
fruits of the earth decay, they ripen in Faery, and that
our dreams lose their wisdom when the sap rises in the
trees, and that our dreams can make the trees wither,
and that one hears the bleating of the lambs of Faery in
November, and that blind eyes can see more than other
eyes. Because the soul always believes in these, or in
like things, the cell and the wilderness shall never be
long empty; or lovers come into the world who will not
understand the verse:-
II6
Heardst thou not sweet words among
That heaven-resounding minstrelsy?
Heardst thou not that those who die
Awake in a world of ecstasy?
That love, when limbs are interwoven,
And sleep, when the night of life is cloven,
And thought, to the world's dim boundaries clinging,
And music, when one beloved is singing,
Is death?
1901
The Friends of the People of :Faery
THE FRIENDS OF THE PEOPLE OF FAERY
THOSE that see the people of Faery most often, and so
have the most of their wisdom, are often very poor,
but often, too, they are thought to have a strength beyond
that of man, as though one came, when one has
passed the threshold of trance, to those sweet waters
where Maeldun saw the dishevelled eagles bathe and
become young again.
There was an old Martin Roland, who lived near a
bog a little out of Gort, who saw them often from his
young days, and always towards the end of his life,
though I would hardly call him their friend. He told
me a few months before his death that 'they' would not
let him sleep at night with crying things at him in Irish,
and with playing their pipes. He had asked a friend of
his what he should do, and the friend had told him to
buy a flute, and play on it when they began to shout or
to play on their pipes, and maybe they would give up
annoying him; and he did, and they always went out
into the field when he began to play. He sh~wed me the
pipe, and blew through it, and made a noise, but he did
not know how to play; and then he showed me where
he had pulled his chimney down, because one of them
used to sit up on it and play on the pipes. A friend of
his and mine went to see him a little time ago, for she
heard that 'three of them' had told him he was to die.
He said they had gone away after warning him, and
that the children (children they had 'taken,' I suppose)
who used to come with them, and play about the house
with them, had 'gone to some other place,' because
II7
The Celtic Twilight
'they found the house too cold for them, maybe'; and
he died a week after he had said these things.
His neighbours were not certain that he really saw
anything in his old age, but they were all certain that
he saw things when he was a young man. His brother
said, 'Old he is, and it's all in his brain the things he
sees. If he was a young man we might believe in him.'
But he was improvident, and never got on with his
brothers. A neighbour said, 'The poor man! They say
they are mostly in his head now, but sure he was a fine
fresh man twenty years ago the night he saw them
linked in two lots, like young slips of girls walking together.
It was the night they took away Fallon's little
girl.' And she told how Fallon's little girl had met a
woman 'with red hair that was as bright as silver,' who
took her away. Another neighbour, who was herself
'clouted over the ear' by one of them for going into a
fort where they were, said, 'I believe it's mostly in his
head they are; and when he stood in the door last night
I said, "The wind does be always in my ears, and the
sound of it.never stops," to make him think it was the
same -with him; but he says, "I hear them singing and
making music all the time, and one of them is after
bringing out a little flute, and it's on it he's playing to
them." And this I know, that when he pulled down the
chimney where he said the piper used to be sitting and
playing, he lifted up stones, and he an old man, that I
could not have lifted when I was young and strong.'
A friend has sent me from Ulster an account of ~ne
who was on terms of true friendship -with the people of
Faery. It has been taken down accurately, for my friend,
1I8
Tbe Friends oj tbe People oj Faery
who had heard the old woman's story some time before
I heard of it, got her to tell it over again, and
wrote it out at once. She began by telling the old
woman tliat she did not like being in the house alone
because of the ghosts and faeries; and the old woman
said, 'There's nothing to be frightened about in faeries,
Miss. Many's the time I talked to a woman myself that
was a faery, or something of the sort, and no less and
more than mortal anyhow. She used to come about
your grandfather's house-your mother's grandfather,
thatois-in my young days. But you'll have heard all
about her.' My friend said that she had heard about her,
but a long time before, and she wanted to hear about
her again; and the old woman went on, 'Well, dear, the
very first time ever I heard word of her coming about
was when your uncle-that is, your mother's uncleJoseph
married, and was building a house for his wife,
for he brought her first to his father's, up at the house
by the Lough. My father and us were living nigh-hand
to where the new house was to be built, to overlook
the men at their work. My father was a 1Weaver, and
brought his looms and all there into a cottage that was
close by. The foundations were marked out, and the
building stones lying about, but the masons had not
come yet; and one day I was standing with my mother
foment the house, when we sees a smart wee woman
coming up the field over the burn to us. I was a bit of
a girl at the time, playing about and sporting myself,
but I mind her as well as if I saw her there now!' My
friend asked how the woman was dressed, and the old
woman said, 'It was a grey cloak she had on, with a
The Celtic Twilight
green cashmere skirt and a black silk handkercher tied
round her head, like the countrywomen did use to wear
in them times.' My friend asked, 'How wee was she?'
And the old woman said, 'Well, now, she wasn't wee
at all when I think of it, for all we called her the Wee
Woman. She was bigger than many a one, and yet not
tall as you would say. She was like a woman about
thirty, brown-haired and round in the face. She was
like Miss Betty, your grandmother's sister, and Betty
was like none of the rest, not like your grandmother,
nor any of them. She was round and fresh in the face,
and she never was married, and she never would take
any man; and we used to say that the Wee W omanher
being like Betty-was, maybe, one of their own
people that had been took off before she grew to her
full height, and for that she was always following us
and warning and foretelling. This time she walks
straight over to where my mother was standing. "Go
over to the Lough this minute !"-ordering her like
that-"Go over to the Lough, and tell Joseph that he
must changeo the foundation of this house to where I'll
show you fornent the thorn-bush. That is where it is
to be built, if he is to have luck and prosperity, so do
what I'm telling ye this minute." The house was being
built on "the path," I suppose-the path used by the
people ofF aery in their journeys, and my mother brings
Joseph down and shows him, and he changes the foundation,
the way he was bid, but didn't bring it exactly
to where was pointed, and the end of that was, when
he come to the house, his own wife lost her life with an
accident that come to a horse that hadn't room to turn
120
The :Friends of the People of :Faery
right with a harrow between the bush and the wall.
The Wee Woman was queer and angry when next she
come, and says to us, "He didn't do as I bid him, but
he'll see what he'll see." , My friend asked where the
woman came from this time, and if she was dressed as
before, and the woman said, 'Always the same way, up
the field beyant the burn. It was a thin sort of shawl she
had about her in summer, and a cloak about her in
winter; and many and many a time she came, and always
it was good advice she was giving to my mother,
and, warning her what not to do if she would have good
luck. There was none of the other children of us ever
seen her unless me; but I used to be glad when I seen
her coming up the burn, and would run out and catch
her by the hand and the cloak, and call to my mother,
"Here's the Wee Woman!" No man-body ever seen
her. My father used to be wanting to, and was angry
with my mother and me, thinking we were telling lies
and talking foolish-like. And so one day when she had
come, and was sitting by the fireside talking to my
mother, I slips out to the field where he was digging.
"Come up," says I, "if ye want to see her. She's sitting
at the fireside now, talking to mother." So in he comes
with me and looks round angry-like and sees nothing,
and he up with a broom that was near hand and hits me
a crig with it. "Take that now!" says he, "for making
a fool of me!" and away with him as fast as he could,
and queer and angry with me. The Wee Woman says to
~ then, "Ye got that now for bringing people to see
me. No man-body ever seen me, and none ever will."
'There was one day, though, she gave him a queer
121
The Celtic Twilight
fright anyway, whether he had seen her or not. He was
in among the cattle when it happened, and he comes up
to the house all trembling-like. "Don't let me hear you
say another word of your Wee Woman. I have got
enough of her this time." Another time, all the same,
he was up Gortin to sell horses, and before he went off,
in steps the Wee Woman and says she to my mother,
holding out a sort of a weed, "Your man is gone up by
Gortin, and there's a bad fright waiting him coming
home, but take this and sew it in his coat, and he'll get
no harm by it." My mother takes the herb, but thinks
to herself, "Sure, there's nothing in it," and throws it
on the fire, and 10 and behold, and sure enough 1 coming
home from Gortin, my father got as bad a fright
as ever he got in his life. What it was I don't right mind,
but anyway he was badly damaged by it. My mother
was in a queer way, frightened of the Wee Woman,
after what she done, and sure enough the next time she
was angry. "Ye didn't believe me," she said, "and ye
threw the herb I gave ye in the fire, and I went far
enough for ~t." There was another time she came and
told how William Hearne was dead in America. "Go
over," she says, "to the Lough, and say that William
is dead, and he died happy, and this was the last Bible
chapter ever he read," and with that she gave the verse
and chapter. "Go," she says, "and tell them to read
them at the next class-meeting, and that I held his head
while he died." And sure enough word came after that
how William had died on the day she named. Aad,
doing as she bid about the chapter and hymn, they
never had such a prayer-meeting as that. One day she
122
Tbe :Friends of tbe People of Faery
and me and my mother was standing talking, and she
was warning her about something, when she says of a
sudden, "Here comes Miss Letty in all her finery, and
it's time for me to be off." And with that she gave a
swirl round on her feet, and raises up in the air, and
round and round she goes, and up and up, as if it was
a winding stairs she went up, only far swifter.! She
went up and up, till she was no bigger than a bird up
against the clouds, singing and singing the whole time
the loveliest music I ever heard in my life from that
day' to this. It wasn't a hymn she was singing, but
poetry, lovely poetry, and me and my mother stands
gaping up, and all of a tremble. "What is she at all,
mother?" says I. "Is it an angel she is, or a faery woman,
or what?" With that up come Miss Letty, that was
your grandmother, dear, but Miss Letty she was then,
and no word of her being anything else, and she wondered
to see us gaping up that way, till me and my
mother told her of it. She went on gay-dressed then,
and was lovely-looking. She was up the lane where
none of us could see her coming forward when the
Wee Woman rose up in that queer way, saying, "Here
comes Miss Letty in all her finery." Who knows to
what far country she went, or to see whom dying?
'It was never after dark she came, but daylight always,
as far as I mind, but wanst, and that was on a
Hallow Eve night. My mother was by the fire, making
ready the supper; she had a duck down and some apples .
•
1 A countryman near Coole told me of a spirit so ascending.
Swedenborg, in his Spiritual Diary, speaks of gyres of spirits, and
Blake painted Jacob's Ladder as an ascending gyre. I92.4.
123
The Celtic Twilight
In slips the Wee Woman. "I'm come to pass my Hallow
Eve with you," says she. "That's right," says my
mother, and thinks to herself, "I can give her her supper
nicely." Down she sits by the fire a while. "Now
I'll tell you where you'll bring my supper," says she.
"In the room beyond there beside the loom-set a
chair in and a plate." "When ye're spending the night,
mayn't ye as well sit by the table and eat with the rest
of us?" "Do what you're bid, and set whatever you
give me in the room beyant. I'll eat there and nowhere
else." So my mother sets her a plate of duck and sbme
apples, whatever was going, in where she bid, and we
got to our supper and she to hers; and when we rose
I went in, and there, 10 and behold ye, was her supperplate
a bit ate of each portion, and she clean gone l'
I897
I24
CJJreams that have no e?l1 oral
DREAMS THAT HAVE NO MORAL
THE friend who heard about Maeve and the hazel-stick
went to the workhouse another day. She found the old
people cold and wretched, 'like flies in winter,' she
said; but they forgot the cold when they began to talk.
A man had just left them who had played cards in a
rath with the people of Faery, who had played 'very
fair'; and one old man had seen an enchanted black pig
one night, and there were two old people my friend
had- heard quarrelling as to whether Raftery or Callanan
was the better poet. One had said of Raftery, 'He was
a big man, and his songs have gone through the whole
world. I remember him well. He had a voice like the
wind'; but the other was certain 'that you would stand
in the snow to listen to Callanan.' Presently an old man
began to tell my friend a story, and all listened delightedly,
bursting into laughter now and then. The
story, which I am going to tell just as it was told, was
one of those old rambling moralless tales, which are the
delight of the poor and the hard-driven, .. wherever life
is left in its natural simplicity. They tell of a time when
nothing had consequences, when even if you were killed,
if only you had a good heart, somebody would bring you
to life again with a touch of a rod, and when if you were
a prince and happened to look exactly like your brother,
you might go to bed with his queen, and have only a little
quarrel afterwards. We too, if we were so weak and poor
that everything threatened us with misfortune, might
remember every old dream that has been strong enough
to fling the weight of the world from its shoulders.
12)
The Celtic Twilight
There was a king one time who was very much put
out because he had no son, and he went at last to consult
his chief adviser. And the chief adviser said, 'It's
easy enough managed if you do as I tell you. Let you
send someone,' says he, 'to such a place to catch a fish.
And when the fish is brought in, give it to the queen,
your wife, to eat.'
So the king sent as he was told, and the fish was
caught and brought in, and he gave it to the cook, and
bade her put it before the fire, but to be careful with it,
and not to let any blob or blister rise on it. But it is'-impossible
to cook a fish before the fire without the skin
of it rising in some place or other, and so there came a
blob on the skin, and the cook put her finger on it to
smooth it down, and then she put her finger into her
mouth to cool it, and so she got a taste of the fish. And
then it was sent up to the queen, and she ate it, and
what was left of it was thrown out into the yard,
and there were a mare in the yard and a greyhound,
and they ate the bits that were thrown out.
And befo:l?'e a year was out, the queen had a young
son, and the cook had a young son, and the mare had
two foals, and the greyhound had two pups.
And the two young sons were sent out for a while
to some place to be cared, and when they came back
they were so much like one another no person could
know which was the queen's son and which was the
cook's. And the queen was vexed at that, and she went
to the chief adviser and said, 'Tell me some way that I
can know which is my own son, for I don't like to be
giving the same eating and drinking to the cook's son
126
'Dreams that have no e7J1 oral
as to my own.' 'It is easy to know that,' said the chief
adviser, 'if you will do as I tell you. Go you outside,
and stand at the door they will be coming in by, and
when they see you, your own son will bow his head,
but the cook's son will only laugh.'
So she did that, and when her own son bowed his
head, her servants put a mark on him that she would
know him again. And when they were all sitting at
their dinner after that, she said to Jack, that was the
cook's son, 'It is time for you to go away out of this,
for 'You are not my son.' And her own son, that we will
call Bill, said, 'Do not send him away, are we not
brothers?' But Jack said, 'I would have been long ago
out of this house if I knew it was not my own father
and mother owned it.' And for all Bill could say to him,
he would not stop. But before he went, they were by
the well that was in the garden, and he said to Bill, 'If
harm ever happens to me, that water on the top of the
well will be blood, and the water below will be honey.'
Then he took one of the pups, and one of the two
horses that were foaled after the mare eating the fish,
and the wind that was after him could not catch him,
and he caught the wind that was before him. And he
went on till he came to a weaver's house, and he asked
him for a lodging, and he gave it to him. And then he
went on till he came to a king's house, and he sent in
at the door to ask, 'Did he want a servant?' 'All I want,'
said the king, 'is a boy that will drive out the cows to
the field every morning, and bring them in at night to
be milked.' 'I will do that for you,' said Jack; so the
king engaged him.
I 27
The Celtic Twilight
In the morning Jack was sent out with the four-andtwenty
cows, and the place he was told to drive them
to had not a blade of grass in it for them, but was full
of stones. So Jack looked about for some place where
there would be better grass, and after a while he saw a
field with good green grass in it, and it belonging to a
giant. So he knocked down a bit of the wall and drove
them in, and he went up himself into an apple-tree and
began to eat the apples. Then the giant came into the
field. 'F ee-faw-fum,' says he, 'I smell the blood of an
Irishman. I see you where you are, up in the tree/ he
said; 'you are too big for one mouthful, and too small
for two mouthfuls, and I don't know what I'll do with
you if I don't grind you up and make snuff for my
nose.' 'As you are strong, be merciful,' says Jack up in
the tree. 'Come down out of that, you little dwarf,' said
the giant, 'or I'll tear you and the tree asunder.' So
Jack came down. 'Would you sooner be driving redhot
knives into one another's hearts,' said the giant, 'or
would you sooner be fighting one another on red-hot
flags?' 'Fighting on red-hot flags is what I'm used to
at home,' said Jack, 'and your dirty feet will be sinking
in them and my feet will be rising.' So then they began
the fight. The ground that was hard they made soft,
and the ground that was soft they made hard, and they
made spring wells come up through the green flags.
They were like that all through the day, no one getting
the upper hand of the other, and at last a little bird
came and sat on the bush and said to Jack, 'If you don't
make an end of him by sunset, he'll make an end of
you.' Then Jack put out his strength, and he brought
128
'Dreams that have no ~oral
the giant down on his knees. 'Give me my life,' says the
giant, 'and I'll give you the best gift that I have.' 'What
is that?' said Jack. 'A sword that nothing can stand
against.' 'Where is it to be found?' said Jack. 'In that
red door you see there in the hill.' So Jack went and
got it out. 'Where will I try the sword?' says he. 'Try
it on that ugly black stump of a tree,' says the giant. 'I
see nothing blacker or uglier than your own head,'
says Jack. And with that he made one stroke, and cut
off the giant's head that it went into the air, and he
caught it on the sword as it was coming down, and
made two halves of it. 'It is well for you I did not join
the body again,' said the head, 'or you would have
never been able to strike it off again.' 'I did not give
you the chance of that,' said Jack.
So he brought the cows home at evening, and every
one wondered at all the milk they gave that night. And
when the king was sitting at dinner with the princess,
his daughter, and the rest, he said, 'I think I only hear
two roars from beyond to-night in place of three.'
The next morning Jack went out again with the
cows, and he saw another field full of grass, and he
knocked down the wall and let the cows in. All happened
the same as the day before, but the giant that
came this time had two heads, and they fought together,
and the little bird came and spoke to Jack as before.
And when Jack had brought the giant down, he said,
'Give me my life, and I'll give you the best thing I
h~e.' 'What is that?' says Jack. 'It's a suit that you
can put on, and you will see everyone but no one can
see you.' 'Where is it?' said Jack. 'It's inside that little
The Celtic Twilight
red door at the side of the hill.' So Jack went and
brought out the suit. And then he cut off the giant's
two heads, and caught them coming down and made
four halves of them. And they said it was well for him
he had not given them time to join the body.
That night when the caws came home they gave so
much milk that all the vessels that could be found were
filled up.
The next morning Jack went out again, and all happened
as before, and the giant this time had four heads,
and Jack made eight halves of them. And the giant'had
told him to go to a little blue door in the side of the
hill, and there he got a pair of shoes that when you put
them on would go faster than the wind.
That night the cows gave so much milk that there
were not vessels enough to hold it, and it was given to
tenants and to poor people passing the road, and the
rest was thrown out at the windows. 1 was passing that
way myself, and 1 got a drink of it.
That night the king said to Jack, 'Why is it the cows
are giving sa much milk these days? Are you bringing
them to any other grass?' '1 am not,' said Jack, 'but 1
have a good stick, and whenever they would stop still
or lie down, 1 give them blows of it, that they jump and
leap over walls and stones and ditches; that's the way
to make cows give plenty of milk.'
And that night at the dinner, the king said, '1 hear
no roars at all.'
The next morning, the king and the princess wt?re
watching at the window to see what would Jack do
when he got to the field. And Jack knew they were
13°
cnreams that have no cVI1 oral
there, and he got a stick, and began to batter the cows,
that they went leaping and jumping over stones, and
walls, and ditches. 'There is no lie in what Jack said,'
said the king then.
Now there was a great serpent at that time used to
come every seven years, and he had to get a king's
daughter to eat, unless she would have some good man
to fight for her. And it was the princess at the place
Jack was had to be given to it that time, and the king
had been feeding a bully underground for seven years,
and- you may believe he got the best of everything, to
be ready to fight it.
And when the time came, the princess went out and
the bully with her down to the shore, and when they
got there what did he do, but to tie the princess to a
tree, the way the serpent would be able to swallow her
easy with no delay, and he himself went and hid up in
an ivy-tree. And Jack knew what was going on, for the
princess had told him about it, and had asked would
he help her, but he said he would not. But he came out
now, and he put on the sword he had tGiken from the
first giant, and he came by the place the princess was,
but she didn't know him. 'Is that right for a princess to
be tied to a tree?' said Jack. 'It is not, indeed,' said she,
and she told him what had happened, and how the serpent
was coming to take her. 'If you will let me sleep
for a while with my head in your lap,' said Jack, 'you
could wake me when it is coming.' So he did that, and
she awakened him when she saw the serpent coming,
and Jack got up and fought with it, and drove it back
into the sea. And then he cut the rope that fastened her,
IJI
The Celtic Twilight
and he went away. The bully came down then out of
the tree, and he brought the princess to where the king
was, and he said, 'I got a friend of mine to come and
fight the serpent to-day, when I was a little"timorous
after being so long shut up underground, but I'll do
the fighting myself to-morrow.'
The next day they went out again, and the same
thing happened; the bully tied up the princess where
the serpent could come at her fair and easy, and went
up himself to hide in the ivy-tree. Then Jack put on the
suit he had taken from the second giant, and he watked
out, and the princess did not know him, but she told
him all that had happened yesterday, and how some
young gentleman she did not know had come and
saved her. So Jack asked might he lie down and take a
sleep with his head in her lap, the way she could awake
him. And all happened the same way as the day before.
And the bully gave her up to the king, and said he had
brought another of his friends to fight for her that day.
The next day she was brought down to the shore as
before, and c great many people gathered to see the
serpent that was coming to bring the king's daughter
away. And Jack and the princess had taP-,~d as before.
But when he was asleep this time, she thought she
would make sure of being able to find h1m again, and
she took out her scissors and cut off a pit "e of his hair,
and made a little packet of it and put it away. And she
did another thing, she took off one of the ::ihoes that
were on his feet. '"
And when she saw the serpent coming she woke
him, and he said, 'This time I will pta the serpent in a
132
~reams that have no <VJ;Ioral
way that he will eat no more kings' daughters.' So he
took out the sword he had got from the giant, and he
put it in at the back of the serpent's neck, the way blood
and water came spouting out that went for fifty miles
inland, and made an end of him. And then he made off,
and no one saw what way he went, and the bully
brought the princess to the king, and claimed to have
saved her, and it is he who was made much of, and was
the right-hand man after that.
But when the feast was made ready for the wedding,
the-princess took out the bit of hair she had, and she
said she would marry no one but the man whose hair
would match that, and she showed the shoe and said
that she would marry no one whose foot would not fit
that shoe as well. And the bully tried to put on the
shoe, but so much as his toe would not go into it, and
as to his hair, it didn't match at all to the bit of hair she
had cut from the man that saved her.
So then the king gave a great ball, to bring all the
chief men of the country together to try would the shoe
fit any of them. And they were all going~o carpenters
and joiners getting bits of their feet cut off to try could
they wear the shoe, but it was no use, not one of them
could get it on.
Then the king went to his chief adviser and asked
what could he do. And the chief adviser bade him to
give another ball, and this time he said, 'Give it to poor
as well as rich.'
• So the ball was given, and many came flocking to it,
but the shoe would not fit anyone of them. And the
chief adviser said, 'Is everyone here that belongs to the
In
'Tbe Celtic 'Twiligbt
house?' 'They are all here,' said the king, 'except the
boy that minds the cows, and I would not like him to
be coming up here.'
Jack was below in the yard at the time, and he heard
what the king said, and he was very angry, and he
went and got his sword and came running up the stairs
to strike off the king's head, but the man that kept
the gate met him on the stairs before he could get to
the king, and quieted him down, and when he got to the
top of the stairs and the princess saw him, she gave a
cry and ran into his arms. And they tried the shoe 'and
it :fitted him, and his hair matched to the piece that had
been cut off. So then they were married, and a great
feast was given for three days and three nights.
And at the end of that time, one morning there came
a deer outside the window, with bells on it, and they
ringing. And it called out, 'Here is the hunt, where are
the huntsmen and the hounds?' So when Jack heard
that he got up and took his horse and his hound and
went hunting the deer. When it was in the hollow he
was on the hm, and when it was on the hill he was in
the hollow, and that went on all through the day, and
when night fell it went into a wood. And Jack went
into the wood after it, and all he could see was a mudwall
cabin, and he went in, and there he saw an old
woman, about two hundred years old, and she sitting
over the fire. 'Did you see a deer pass this way?' says
Jack. 'I did not,' says she, 'but it's too late now for you
to be following a deer, let you stop the night here
'What will I do with my horse and my hound?' said
Jack. 'Here are two ribs of hair,' says she, 'and let you
134
cnreams that have no cOIf oral
tie them up with them.' So Jack went out and tied up
the horse and the hound, and when he carne in again
the old woman said, 'You killed my three sons, and
I'm going' to kill you now,' and she put on a pair of
boxing-gloves, each one of them nine stone weight,
and the nails in them fifteen inches long. Then they
began to fight, and Jack was getting the worst of it.
'Help, hound!' he cried out, then 'Squeeze, hair!' cried
out the old woman, and the rib of hair that was about
the hound's neck squeezed him to death. 'Help, horse!'
Jacl~ called out, then 'Squeeze, hairl' called out the old
woman, and the rib of hair that was about the horse's
neck began to tighten and squeeze him to death. Then
the old woman made an end of Jack and threw him
outside the door.
Togo back now to Bill. He was out in the garden
one day, and he took a look at the well, and what did
he see but the water at the top was blood, and what was
underneath was honey. So he went into the house again,
and he said to his mother, 'I will never eat a second
meal at the same table, or sleep a secon~night in the
same bed, till I know what is happening to Jack.'
So he took the other horse and hound then, and set
off, over hills where cock never crows and horn never
sounds, and the Devil never blows his bugle. And at
last he carne to the weaver's house, and when he went
in, the weaver says, 'You are welcome, and I can give
you better treatment than I did the last time you came
i~ to me,' for he thought it was Jack who was there,
they were so much like one another. 'That is good,'
said Bill to himself, 'my brother has been here.' And
135
The Celtic Twilight
he gave the weaver the full of a basin of gold in the
morning before he left.
Then he went on till he came to the king's house,
and when he was at the door the princess came running
down the stairs, and said, 'Welcome to you back
again.' And all the people said, 'It is a wonder you have
gone hunting three days after your marriage, and to
stop so long away.' So he stopped that night with the
princess, and she thought it was her own husband all
the time.
And in the morning the deer came, and bells rin~ing
on it, under the windows, and called out, 'The hunt
is here, where are the huntsmen and the hounds?' Then
Bill got up and got his horse and his hound, and followed
it over hills and hollows till they came to the
wood, and there he saw nothing but the mud-wall
cabin and the old woman sitting by the fire, and she
bade him stop the night there, and gave him two ribs
of hair to tie his horse and his hound with. But Bill was
wittier than Jack was, and before he went out, he threw
the ribs of hq,ir into the fire secretly. When he came in
the old woman said, 'Your brother killed my three
sons, and I killed him, and I'll kill you along with him.'
And she put her gloves on, and they began the fight,
and then Bill called out, 'Help, horse!' 'Squeeze, hair!'
called the old woman. 'I can't squeeze, I'm in the fire,'
said the hair. And the horse came in and gave her a
blow of his hoof. 'Help, hound!' said Bill then.
'Squeeze, hair l' said the old woman. 'I can't, I'm in the
fire,' said the second hair. Then the hound put his teeth
in her, and Bill brought her down, and she cried for
136
'Dreams that have no r::JI;foral
mercy. 'Give me my life,' she said, 'and I'll tell you
where you'll get your brother again, and his hound and
horse.' 'Where's that?' said Bill. 'Do you see that rod
over the fire?' said she; 'take it down and go outside the
door where you'll see three green stones, and strike
them with the rod, for they are your brother, and his
horse and hound, and they'll come to life again.' '1 will,
but I'll make a green stone of you first,' said Bill, and
he cut off her head with his sword.
Then he went out and struck the stones, and sure
enough there were Jack and his horse and hound, alive
and well. And they began striking other stones around,
and men came from them, that had been turned to
stones, hundreds and thousands of them.
Then they set out for home, but on the way they had
some dispute or some argument together, for Jack was
not well pleased to hear he had spent the night with his
wife, and Bill got angry, and he struck Jack with the rod,
and turned him to a green stone. And he went home,
but the princess saw he had something on his mind, and
he said then, '1 have killed my brother.' ;;\,.nd he went
back then and brought him to life, and they lived happy
ever after, and they had children by the basketful, and
threw them out by the shovelful. 1 was passing one time
myself, and they called me in and gave me a cup of tea.
1902
137
The Celtic Twilight
BY THE ROADSIDE
LAST night I went to a wide place on the Kiltartan road
to listen to some Irish songs. While I waited for the
singers an old man sang about that country beauty who
died so many years ago, and spoke of a singer he had
known who sang so beautifully that no horse would
pass him, but must turn its head and cock its ears to
listen. Presently a score of men and boys and girls, with
shawls over their heads, gathered under the trees to
listen. Somebody sang Sa Muirnin Diles, and then
somebody else Jimmy Mo Milest6r, mournful songs of
separation, of death, and of exile. Then some of the men
stood up and began to dance, while another lilted the
measure they danced to, and then somebody sang Eihlin
a Ru.in, that glad song of meeting which has always
moved me more than other songs, because the lover
who made it sang it to his sweetheart under the shadow
of a mountain I looked at every day through my childhood.
The ~oices melted into the twilight, and were
mixed into the trees, and when I thought of the words
they too melted away, and were mixed with the generations
of men. Now it was a phrase, now it was an
attitude of mind, an emotional form, that had carried
my memory to older verses, or even to forgotten
mythologies. I was carried so far that it was as though
I came to one of the four rivers, and followed it under
the wall of Paradise to the roots of the Trees of Knowledge
and of Life. There is no song or story handed
down among the cottages that has not words and
'By the 'B.JLadside
thoughts to carry one as far, for though one can know
but a little of their ascent, one knows that they ascend
like mediaeval genealogies through unbroken dignities
to the beginning of the world. Folk-art is, indeed, the
oldest of the aristocracies of thought, and because it
refuses what is passing and trivial, the merely clever and
pretty, as certainly as the vulgar and insincere, and because
it has gathered into itself the simplest and most
unforgettable thoughts of the generations, it is the soil
where all great art is rooted. Wherever it is spoken by
the 'fireside, or sung by the roadside, or carved upon
the lintel, appreciation of the arts that a single mind
gives unity and design to, spreads quickly when its
hour is come.
In a society that has cast out imaginative tradition,
only a few people-three or four thousand out of millions-
favoured by their own characters and by happy
circumstance, and only then after much labour, have
understanding of imaginative things, and yet 'the imagination
is the man himself.' The Churches in the
Middle Ages won all the arts into their sa-vice because
men understood that when imagination is impoverished,
a principal voice-some would say the only
voice-for the awakening of wise hope and durable
faith, and understanding charity, can speak but in
broken words, if it does not fall silent. And so it has
always seemed to me that we, who would re-awaken
imaginative tradition by making old songs live again,
or by gathering old stories into books, take part in
the quarrel of Galilee. Those who are Irish and
would spread foreign ways, which, for all but a few,
139
'The Celtic 'Twilight
are ways of spiritual poverty, take part also. Their
part is with those who were of Jewry, and yet cried
out, 'If thou let this man go thou art not Caesar's
friend.'
1901
Into tbe srUlil~bt
Out-worn heart, in a time out-worn,
Come clear of the nets of wrong and right;
Laugh, heart, again in the grey twilight;
Sigh, heart, again in the dew of the morn.
Your mother Eire is always young,
Dew ever shining and twilight grey;
Though hope fall from you and love decay,
Burning in fires of a slanderous tongue.
Come, heart, where hill is heaped upon hill:
For there the mystical brotherhood
Of sun and moon and hollow and wood
And river and stream work out their will;
And God stands winding His lonely horn,
And time and the world are ever in flight;
And love is less kind than the grey twilight,
And hope is less dear than the dew of.,rhe morn.
THE END
THE SECRET ROSE
1897
'As for living, our servants will do that for us.' - VILLIERS
DE L'IsLE-ADAM
'Helen, when she looked in her mirror, and saw there the wrinkles
of old age, wept, and wondered that she had twice been carried
awc:y.' -A quotation from Ovid in one of LEONARDO DA
VINCI'S note-hooks
rr'o tbe Secret ~e
Far-oJ!,' most secret, and inviolate Rose,
Enfold me in my hour of hours; where those
Who sought thee in the Holy Sepulchre,
Or in the wine-vat, dwell beyond the stir
And tumult of defeated dreams; and deep
Among pale eyelids, heavy with the sleep
Men have named beauty. Thy great leaves enfold
The ancient beards, the helms of ruby and gold
Of the crowned Magi; and the king whose eyes
Saw the Pierced Hands and Rood of elder rise
In Druid vapour and malce the torches dim;
Till vain jren{y awoke and he died; and him
Who met Fand walking among flaming dew
By a grey shore where the wind never blew,
And lost the world and Emer for a kiss;
And him who drove the gods out of their liss,
And till a hundred morns had flowered red
Feasted, and wept the barrows of his decni;
And the proud dreaming king who flung the crown
And sorrow away, and calling bard and clown
Dwelt among wine-stained wanderers in deep woods;
And him who sold tillage, and house, and goods,
And sought through lands and islands numberless years,
Until he found, with laughter and with tears,
A woman of so shining loveliness
That men threshed corn at midnight by a tress,
A little stolen tress. I, too, await
The hour of thy great wind of love and hate.
145
When shall the stars be blown about the shy,
Like the sparks blown out of a smithy, and die?
Surely thine hour has come, thy great wind blows,
Far-off, most secret, and inviolate Rose?
THE CRUCIFIXION OF THE OUTCAST
Ii MAN, WITH THIN BROWN HAIR and a pale face, half
fi ran, half walked, along the road that wound from
the south to the town of Sligo. Many called him Cumhal,
the soh of Cormac, and many called him the Swift
Wild Horse; and he was a gleeman, and he wore a short
parti-coloured doublet, and had pointed shoes, and a
bulging wallet. Also he was of the blood of the Ernaans,
and his birthplace was the Field of Gold; but his eating
and sleeping places were in the five kingdoms of Eri,
and his abiding-place was not upon the ridge of the
earth. His eyes strayed from the tower of what was later
the Abbey of the White Friars to a row of crosses which
stood out against the sky upon a hill a little to the eastward
of the town, and he clenched his fist, and shook
it at the crosses. He knew they were not empty, for the
birds were fluttering about them; and he thought how,
as like as not, just such another vagabond as himself had
been mounted on one of them; and he muttered: 'If it
were hanging or bow-stringing, or stoning or beheading,
it would be bad enough. But to have the birds
pecking your eyes and the wolves eating .. your feet! I
would that the red wind of the Druids had withered in
his cradle the soldier of Dathi who brought the tree of
death out of barbarous lands, or that the lightning,
when it smote Dathi at the foot of the mountain, had
smitten him also, or that his grave had been dug by the
green-haired and green-toothed merrows deep at the
roots of the deep sea.'
147
The Secret ~se
While he spoke, he shivered from head to foot, and
the sweat came out upon his face, and he knew not why,
for he had looked upon many crosses. He passed over
two hills and under the battlemented gate, and then
round by a left-hand way to the door of the Abbey. It
was studded with great nails, and when he knocked at
it he roused the lay brother who was the porter, and of
him he asked a place in the guest-house. Then the lay
brother took a glowing turf on a shovel, and led the
way to a big and naked outhouse strewn with very dirty
rushes; and lighted a rush-candle fixed between,two
of the stones of the wall, and set the glowing turf upon
the hearth and gave him two unlighted sods and a wisp
of straw, and showed him a blanket hanging from a
nail, and a shelf with a loaf of bread and a jug of water,
and a tub in a far comer. Then the lay brother left him
and went back to his place by the door. And Cumhal
the son of Cormac began to blow upon the glowing
turf that he might light the two sods and the wisp
of straw; but the sods and the straw would not
light, for they were damp. So he took off his pointed
shoes, and drew the tub out of the comer with the
thought of washing the dust of the highway from his
feet; but the water was so dirty that he could not see
the bottom. He was very hungry, for he had not eaten
all that day, so he did not waste much anger upon the
tub, but took up the black loaf, and bit into it, and then
spat out the bite, for the bread was hard and mouldy.
Still he did not give way to his anger, for he had r.:ot
drunken these many hours; having a hope of heath
beer or wine at his day's end, he had left the brooks unThe
Crucifixion of the Outcast
tasted, to make his supper the more delightful. Now he
put the jug to his lips, but he flung it from him straightway,
for the water was bitter and ill-smelling. Then he
gave the jug a kick, so that it broke against the opposite
wall, and he took down the blanket to wrap it about
him for the night. But no sooner did he touch it than it
was alive with skipping fleas. At this, beside himself
with anger, he rushed to the door of the guest-house,
but the lay brother, being well accustomed to such outcries,
had locked it on the outside; so he emptied the tub
and began to beat the door with it, till the lay brother
came to the door and asked what ailed him, and why he
woke him out of sleep. 'What ails me I' shouted Cumhal;
'are not the sods as wet as the sands of the Three Rosses?
and are not the fleas in the blanket as many as the waves
of the sea and as lively? and is not the bread as hard as
the heart of a lay brother who has forgotten God? and
is not the water in the jug as bitter and as ill-smelling as
his soul? and is not the foot-water the colour that shall
be upon him when he has been charred in the Undying
Fires?' The lay brother saw that the lock was fast, and
went back to his niche, for he was too sleepy to talk
with comfort. And Cumhal went on beating at the door,
and presently he heard the lay brother's foot once more,
and cried out at him, '0 cowardly and tyrannous race
of monks, persecutors of the bard and the gleeman,
haters of life and joy I 0 race that does not draw the
sword and tell the truth! 0 race that melts the bones of
the people with cowardice and with deceit I'
'Gleeman,' said the lay brother, 'I also make rhymes;
I make many while I sit in my niche by the door, and I
149
The Secret 7V!..se
sorrow to hear the bards railing upon the monks.
Brother, I would sleep, and therefore I make known to
you that it is the head of the monastery, our gracious
abbot, who orders all things concerning the'lodging of
travellers.'
'You may sleep,' said Cum hal. 'I will sing a bard's
curse on the abbot.' And he set the tub upside-down
under the window, and stood upon it, and began to
sing in a very loud voice. The singing awoke the abbot,
so that he sat up in bed andblewa silver whistle until the
lay brother came to him. 'I cannot get a wink of sleep
with that noise,' said the abbot. 'What is happening?'
'It is a gleeman,' said the lay brother, 'who complains
of the sods, of the bread, of the water in the jug, of the
foot-water, and of the blanket. And now he is singing
a bard's curse upon you, 0 brother abbot, and upon
your father and your mother, and your grandfather and
your grandmother, and upon all your relations.'
'Is he cursing in rhyme?'
'He is cursing in rhyme, and with two assonances in
every line of his curse.'
The abbot pulled his night-cap off and crumpled it
in his hands, and the circular grey patch of hair in the
middle of his bald head looked like the cairn upon
Knocknarea, for in Connacht they had not yet abandoned
the ancient tonsure. 'Unless we do somewhat,'
he said, 'he will teach his curses to the children in the
street, and the girls spinning at the doors, and to the
robbers upon Ben Bulben.'
'Shall I go, then,' said the other, 'and give him dry
sods, a fresh loaf, clean water in a jug, clean foot-water,
The Crucifixion oj the Outcast
and a new blanket, and make him swear by the blessed
Saint Benignus, and by the sun and moon, that no bond
be lacking, not to tell his rhymes to the children in the
street, and the girls spinning at the doors, and the robbers
upon Ben Bulben?'
'N either our Blessed Patron nor the sun and moon
would avail at all,' said the abbot; 'for to-morrow or
the next day the mood to curse would come upon him,
or a pride in those rhymes would move him, and he
would teach his lines to the children, and the girls, and
the robbers. Or else he would tell another of his craft
how he fared in the guest-house, and he in his turn
would begin to curse, and my name would wither. For
learn, there is no steadfastness of purpose upon the
roads, but only under roofs and between four walls.
Therefore I bid you go and awaken Brother Kevin,
Brother Dove, Brother Little Wolf, Brother Bald Patrick,
Brother Bald Brandon, Brother James, and Brother
Peter. And they shall take the man, and bind him with
ropes, and dip him in the river that he shall cease to
sing. And in the morning, lest this but make him curse
the louder, we will crucify him.'
'The crosses are all full,' said the lay brother.
'Then we must make another cross. If we do not
make an end of him another will, for who can eat and
sleep in peace while men like him are going about the
world? We would stand shamed indeed before blessed
Saint Benignus, and sour would be his face when he
c~mes to judge us at the Last Day, were we to spare an
enemy of his when we had him under our thumb!
Brother, there is not one of these bards and gleemen
The Secret ~e
who has not scattered his bastards through the five
kingdoms, and if they slit a purse or a throat, and it is
always one or the other, it never comes into their heads
to confess and do penance. Can you name one that is
not heathen in his heart, always longing after the Son
of Lir, and Aengus, and Bridget, and the Dagda, and
Dana the Mother, and all the false gods of the old days;
always making poems in praise of those kings and
queens of the demons, Finvaragh, whose home is under
Cruachmaa, and Red Aodh of Cnoc-na-Sidha, and
CHona of the Wave, and Aoibheal of the Grey Rock,
and him they call Donn of the Vats of the Sea; and railing
against God and Christ and the blessed Saints?'
While he was speaking he crossed himself, and when
he had finished he drew the night-cap over his ears to
shut out the noise, and closed his eyes and composed
himself to sleep.
The lay brother found Brother Kevin, Brother Dove,
Brother Little Wolf, Brother Bald Patrick, Brother
Bald Brandon, Brother James, and Brother Peter sitting
up in bed, am he made them get up. Then they bound
Cumhal, and they dragged him to the river, and they
dipped him in it at the place which was afterwards
called Buckley's Ford.
'Gleeman,' said the lay brother, as they led him back
to the guest-house, 'why do you ever use the wit which
God has given you to make blasphemous and immoral
tales and verses? For such is the way of your craft. I
have, indeed, many such tales and verses wellnigh
by rote, and so I know that I speak true! And why do
you praise with rhyme those demons, Finvaragh, Red
1)2
The Crucifixion of the Outcast
Aodh, Cliona, Aoibheal and Donn? I, too, am a man
of great wit and learning, but I ever glorify our gracious
abbot, and Benignus our Patron, and the princes of
the province. My soul is decent and orderly, but yours
is like the wind among the salley gardens. I said what
I could for you, being also a man of many thoughts,
but who could help such a one as you?'
'Friend,' answered the gleeman, 'my soul is indeed
like the wind, and it blows me to and fro, and up and
down, and puts many things into my mind and out of
my omind, and therefore am I called the Swift Wild
Horse.' And he spoke no more that night, for his teeth
were chattering with the cold.
The abbot and the monks came to him in the morning,
and bade him get ready to be crucified, and led
him out of the guest-house. And while he still stood
upon the step a flock of great grass-barnacles passed
high above him with clanking cries. He lifted his arms
to them and said, '0 great grass-barnacles, tarry a little,
and mayhap my soul will travel with you to the waste
places of the shore and to the ungovernable sea!' At the
gate a crowd of beggars gathered about them, being
come there to beg from any traveller or pilgrim who
might have spent the night in the guest-house. The
abbot and the monks led the gleeman to a place in the
woods at some distance, where many straight young
trees were growing, and they made him cut one down
and fashion it to the right length, while the beggars
S1.'00d round them in a ring, talking and gesticulating.
The abbot then bade him cut off another and shorter
piece of wood, and nail it upon the first. So there was
The Secret ~se
his cross for him; and they put it upon his shoulder, for
his crucifixion was to be on the top of the hill where the
others were. A half-mile on the way he asked them to
stop and see him juggle for them; for he knew, he said,
all the tricks of Aengus the Subtle-hearted. The old
monks were for pressing on, but the young monks
would see him: so he did many wonders for them, even
to the drawing of live frogs out of his ears. But after a
while they turned on him, and said his tricks were dull
and a little unholy, and set the cross on his shoulders
again. Another half-mile on the way and he asked them
to stop and hear him jest for them, for he knew, he said,
all the jests of Conan the Bald, upon whose back a
sheep's wool grew. And the young monks, when they
had heard his merry tales, again bade him take up his
cross, for it ill became them to listen to such follies.
Another half-mile on the way, he asked them to stop
and hear him sing the story of White-breasted Deirdre,
and how she endured many sorrows, and how the sons
of Usn a died to serve her. And the young monks were
mad to hear'thim, but when he had ended they grew
angry, and beat him for waking forgotten longings in
their hearts. So they set the cross upon his back and
hurried him to the hill.
When he was come to the top, they took the cross
from him, and began to dig a hole for it to stand in,
while the beggars gathered round, and talked among
themselves. '1 ask a favour before 1 die,' says Cumhal.
'We will grant you no more delays,' says the abbot.
'1 ask no more delays, for 1 have drawn the sword,
and told the truth, and lived my dream, and am content.'
154
Tbe Crucifixion oj tbe Outcast
'Would you, then, confess?'
'By sun and moon, not I; I ask but to be let eat the
food I carry in my wallet. I carry food in my wallet
whenever'! go upon a journey, but I do not taste of it
unless I am wellnigh starved. I have not eaten now these
two days.'
'Y ou may eat, then,' says the abbot, and he turned to
help the monks dig the hole.
The gleeman took a loaf and some strips of cold fried
bacon out of his wallet and laid them upon the ground.
'I -will give a tithe to the poor,' says he, and he cut a
tenth part from the loaf and the bacon. 'Who among
you is the poorest?' And thereupon was a great clamour,
for the beggars began the history of their sorrows and
their poverty, and their yellow faces swayed like Gabhra
Lough when the floods have filled it with water from
the bogs.
He listened for a little, and, says he, 'I am myself the
poorest, for I have travelled the bare road, and by the
edges of the sea; and the tattered doublet of particoloured
cloth upon my back and the torn pointed shoes
upon my feet have ever irked me, because of the towered
city full of noble raiment which was in my heart. And
I have been the more alone upon the roads and by the
sea because I heard in my heart the rustling of the rosebordered
dress of her who is more subtle than Aengus
the Subtle-hearted, and more full of the beauty of
laughter than Conan the Bald, and more full of the wisd~
m of tears than White-breasted Deirdre, and more
lovely than a bursting dawn to them that are lost in the
darkness. Therefore, I award the tithe to myself; but
The Secret ~se
yet, because I am done with all things, I give it unto
you.
,
So he flung the bread and the strips of bacon among
the beggars, and they fought with many cries until the
last scrap was eaten. But meanwhile the monks nailed
the gleeman to his cross, and set it upright in the hole,
and shovelled the earth into the hole, and trampled it
level and hard. So then they went away, but the beggars
stayed on, sitting round the cross. But when the sun
was sinking, they also got up to go, for the air was getting
chilly. And as soon as they had gone a little way,
the wolves, who had been showing themselves on the
edge of a neighbouring coppice, came nearer, and the
birds wheeled closer and closer. 'Stay, outcasts, yet a
little while,' the crucified one called in a weak voice to
the beggars,'and keep the beasts and the birds from me.'
But the beggars were angry because he had called them
outcasts, so they threw stones and mud at him, and one
that had a child held it up before his eyes and said that
he was its father, and cursed him, and thereupon they
left him. Th~n the wolves gathered at the foot of the
cross, and the birds flew lower and lower. And presently
the birds lighted all at once upon his head and
arms and shoulders, and began to peck at him, and the
wolves began to eat his feet. 'Outcasts,' he moaned,
have you all turned against the outcast?'
Out oj the "R.!!..se
OUT OF THE ROSE
ONE winter evening an old knight in rusted chain
armour rode slowly along the woody southern slope of
Ben Bulben, watching the sun go down in crimson
clouds over the sea. His horse was tired, as after a long
journey, and he had upon his helmet the crest of no
neighbouring lord or king, but a small rose made of
rubies that glimmered every moment to a deeper crimson.
His white hair fell in thin curls upon his shoulders,
and its disorder added to the melancholy of his face,
which was the face of one of those who have come but
seldom into the world, and always for its trouble, the
dreamers who must do what they dream, the doers who
must dream what they do.
After gazing a while towards the sun, he let the reins
fall upon the neck of his horse, and, stretching out both
arms towards the west, he said, '0 Divine Rose of
Intellectual Flame, let the gates of thy peace be opened
to me at last!' And suddenly a loud squealing began
in the woods some hundreds of yards farther up the
mountain-side. Hestopped his horse to listen, and heard
behind him a sound of feet and of voices. 'They are
beating them to make them go into the narrow path by
the gorge,' said some one, and in another moment a
dozen peasants armed with short spears had come up
with the knight, and stood a little apart from him, their
blue caps in their hands.
'Where do you go with the spears?' he asked; and
157
Tbe Secret ~se
onewho seemed the leader answered: 'A troop of woodthieves
came down from the hills a while ago and carried
off the pigs belonging to an old man who lives by GlenCar
Lough, and we turned out to go after them. Now
that we know they are four times more than we are, we
follow to find the way they have taken; and will presently
tell our story to De Courcey, and if he will not
help us, to Fitzgerald; for De Courcey and Fitzgerald
have lately made a peace, and we do not know to whom
we belong.'
'But by that time,' said the knight, 'the pigs will have
been eaten.'
'A dozen men cannot do more, and it was not reasonable
that the whole valley should turn out and risk their
lives for two, or for two dozen pigs.'
'Can you tell me,' said the knight, 'if the old man to
whom the pigs belong is pious and true of heart?'
'He is as true as another and more pious than any, for
he says a prayer to a saint every morning before his
breakfast.'
'Then it were well to fight in his cause,' said the
knight, 'and if you will fight against the wood-thieves
I will take the main brunt of the battle, and you know
well that a man in armour is worth many like these
wood-thieves, clad in wool and leather.'
And the leader turned to his fellows and asked if they
would take the chance; but they seemed anxious to get
back to their cabins.
'Are the wood-thieves treacherous and impious?' ('
'They are treacherous in all their dealings,' said a
peasant, 'and no man has known them to pray.'
158
Out of the ~se
'Then,' said the knight, 'I will give five crowns for
the head of every wood-thief killed by us in the fighting';
and he bid the leader show the way, and they all
went on together. After a time they came to where a
beaten track wound into the woods, and, taking this,
they doubled back upon their previous course, and began
to ascend the wooded slope of the mountain. In a
little while the path grew very straight and steep, and
the knight was forced to dismount and leave his horse
tied to a tree-stem. They knew they were on the right
trac!k, for they could see the marks of pointed shoes in
the soft clay and mingled with them the cloven footprints
of the pigs. Presently the path became still more
abrupt, and they knew by the ending of the cloven footprints
that the thieves were carrying the pigs. Now and
then a long mark in the clay showed that a pig had
slipped down, and been dragged along for a little way.
They had journeyed thus for about twenty minutes,
when a confused sound of voices told them that they
were coming up with the thieves. And then the voices
ceased, and they understood that they had been overheard
in their turn. They pressed on rapidly and cautiously,
and in about five minutes one of them caught
sight of a leather jerkin half hidden by a hazel-bush. An
arrow struck the knight's chain armour, but glanced
off, and then a flight of arrows swept over their heads.
They ran and climbed, and climbed and ran towards the
thieves, who were now all visible standing up among
the bushes with their still quivering bows in their hands:
for they had only their spears and they must at once
come hand to hand. The knight was in the front and
159
The Secret ,%se
struck down first one and then another of the woodthieves.
The peasants shouted, and, pressing on, drove
the wood-thieves before them until they came out on
the flat top of the moun tain, and there they saw the two
pigs quietly grubbing in the short grass, so they ran
about them in a circle, and began to move back again
towards the narrow path: the old knight coming now
the last of all, and striking down thief after thief. The
peasants had got no very serious hurts among them, for
he had drawn the brunt of the battle upon himself, as
could well be seen from the bloody rents in his armour;
and when they came to the entrance of the narrow path
he told them to drive the pigs down into the valley,
while he stood there to guard the way behind them. So
in a moment he was alone, and, being weak with loss of
blood, might have been ended there and then by the
wood-thieves had fear not made them be gone out of
sight in a great hurry.
An hour passed, and they did not return; and now
the knight could stand on guard no longer, but had to
lie down upan the grass. A half-hour more went by,
and then a young lad with what appeared to be a number
of cock's feathers stuck round his hat came out of the
path behind him, and began to move about among
the dead thieves, cutting their heads off. Then he laid
the heads in a heap before the knight, and said, '0
great knight, I have been bid come and ask you for the
crowns you promised for the heads: five crowns a head.
They told me to tell you that they have prayed to God
and His Mother to give you a long life, but that they
are poor peasants, and that they would have the money
160
Out of the ~se
before you die. They told me this over and over for
fear I might forget it, and promised to beat me if I did.'
The knight raised himself upon his elbow, and, opening
a bag' that hung to his belt, counted out the five
crowns for each head. There were thirty heads in all.
'0 great knight,' said the lad, 'they have also bid me
take all care of you, and light a fire, and put this ointment
upon your wounds.' And he gathered sticks and
leaves together, and, flashing his flint and steel under a
mass of dry leaves, made a very good blaze. Then,
drawing off the coat of mail, he began to anoint the
wounds: but he did it clumsily, like one who does by
rote what he has been told. The knight motioned him
to stop, and said, 'You seem a good lad.'
'I would ask something of you for myself.'
'There are still a few crowns,' said the knight; 'shall
I give them to you?'
'0 no,' said the lad. 'They would be no good to me.
There is only one thing that I care about doing, and I
have no need of money to do it. I go from village to
village and from hill to hill, and whenever I come across
a good cock I steal him and take him into the woods,
and I keep him there under a basket until I get another
good cock, and then I set them to fight. The people say
I am an innocent, and do not do me any harm, and
never ask me to do any work but go a message now and
then. It is because I am an innocent that they send me
to get the crowns: anyone else would steal them; and
they dare not come back themselves, for now that you
are not with them they are afraid of the wood-thieves.
Did you ever hear how, when the wood-thieves are
161
rhe 5 eeret ~se
christened, the wolves are made their godfathers, and
their right arms are not christened at all?'
'If you will not take these crowns, my good lad, I
have nothing for you, I fear, unless you would have
that old coat of mail which I shall soon need no more.'
'There was something I wanted: yes, I remember
now,' said the lad. 'I want you to tell me why you
fought like the champions and giants in the stories and
for so little a thing. Are you indeed a man like us? Are
you not rather an old wizard who lives among these
hills, and will not a wind arise presently and crumble
you into dust?'
'I will tell you of myself,' replied the knight, 'for
now that I am the last of the fellowship, I may tell all
and witness for God. Look at the Rose of Rubies on
my helmet, and see the symbol of my life and of my
hope.' And then he told the lad this story, but with
always more frequent pauses; and, while he told it, the
lad stuck the cock's feathers in the earth in front of him,
and moved them about as though he made them actors
in the play.
'I live in a land far from this, and was one of the
Knights of Saint John,' said the old man; 'but I was
one of those in the Order who always longed for more
arduous labours in the service of the truth that can only
be understood within the heart. At last there came to
us a knight of Palestine, to whom the truth of truths
had been revealed by God Himself. He had seen a great
Rose of Fire, and a Voice out of the Rose had told hi(l1
how men would turn from the light of their own hearts,
and bow down before outer order and outer fixity, and
162
Out of the ~e
that then the light would cease, and none escape the
curse except the foolish good man who could not think,
and the passionate wicked man who would not. Already,
the Voice told him, the light of the heart was
shining with less lustre, and as it paled, an infection
was touching the world with corruption; and none
of those who had seen clearly the truth could enter
into the Kingdom of God, which is in the Heart of the
Rose, if they stayed on willingly in the corrupted
world; and so they must prove their anger against the
Powers of Corruption by dying in the service of the
Rose. While the knight of Palestine was telling us these
things the air was filled with fragrance of the Rose. By
this we knew that it was the very Voice of God which
spoke to us by the knight, and we told him to direct
us in all things, and teach us how to obey the Voice.
So he bound us with an oath, and gave us signs and
words whereby we might know each other even after
many years, and he appointed places of meeting, and
he sent us out in troops into the world to seek good
causes, and die in doing battle for them.. At first we
thought to die more readily by fasting to death in
. honour of some saint; but this he told us was evil, for
we did it for the sake of death, and thus took out of the
hands of God the choice of the time and manner of our
death, and by so doing made His power the less. We
must choose our service for its excellence, and for this
alone, and leave it to God to ~eward us at His own time
<1nd in His own manner. And after this he compelled us
to eat always two at a table and watch each other lest
we fasted unduly. And the years passed, and one by
'The Secret ~se
one my fellows died in the Holy Land, or in warring
upon the evil princes of the earth, or in clearing the
roads of robbers; and among them died the knight of
Palestine, and at last I was alone. I fought in every
cause where the few contended against the many, and
my hair grew white, and a terrible fear lest I had fallen
under the displeasure of God came upon me. But, hearing
at last how thi!:> western isle was fuller of wars and
rapine than any other land, I came hither, and I have
found the thing I sought, and, behold! I am filled with
a great joy.'
Thereat he began to sing in Latin, and, while he sang,
his voice faltered and grew faint. Then his eyes closed,
and his lips fell apart, and the lad knew he was dead.
'He has told me a good tale,' said the lad, 'for there was
fighting in it, but I did not understand much of it, and
it is hard to remember so long a story.'
And, taking the knight's sword, he began to dig a
grave in the soft clay. He dug hard, and he had almost
done his work when a cock crowed in the valley below.
'Ah,' he said;"'I must have that bird'; and he ran down
the narrow path to the valley.
The Wisdom of the King
THE WISDOM OF THE KING
THE High Queen of Ireland had died in childbirth, and
her child was put to nurse with a woman who lived in
a little house within the border of the wood. One night
the woman sat rocking the cradle, and meditating upon
the beauty of the child, and praying that the gods
might grant him wisdom equal to his beauty. There
came a knock at the door, and she got up wondering,
for.the nearest neighbours were in the High King's
house a mile away and the night was now late. 'Who
is knocking?' she cried, and a thin voice answered,
'Open! for I am a crone of the grey hawk, and I come
from the darkness of the great wood.' In terror she
drew back the bolt, and a grey-clad woman, of a great
age, and of a height more than human, came in and
stood by the head of the cradle. The nurse shrank back
against the wall, unable to take her eyes from the
woman, for she saw by the gleaming of the firelight that
the feathers of the grey hawk were UpOI\ her head instead
of hair. 'Open!' cried another voice, 'for I am a
.crone of the grey hawk, and I watch over his nest in
the darkness of the great wood.' The nurse opened
the door again, though her fingers could scarce hold the
bolts for trembling, and another grey woman, not less
old than the other, and with like feathers instead of
hair, came in and stood by the first. In a little, came a
tI.ird grey woman, and after her a fourth, and then
another and another and another, until the hut was full
of their immense bodies. They stood silent for a long
16,
'The Secret Pgse
time , but at last one muttered in a low thin voice: 'Sisters,
I knew him far away by the redness of his heart
under his silver skin'; and then another spoke: 'Sisters,
I knew him because his heart fluttered like a bird under
a net of silver cords'; and then another took up the
word: 'Sisters, I knew him because his heart sang like
a bird that is happy in a silver cage.' And after that they
sang together, those who were nearest rocking the
cradle with long wrinkled fingers; and their voices were
now tender and caressing, now like the wind blowing
in the great wood, and this was their song:-
Out of sight is out of mind:
Long have man and woman-kind,
Heavy of will and light of mood,
Taken away our wheaten food,
Taken away our Altar-stone;
Hail and rain and thunder alone,
And red hearts we turn to grey,
Are true till Time gutter away.
When the song had died out, the crone who had first
spoken, said:.:We have nothing more to do but to mix
a drop of our blood into his blood.' And she scratched
her arm with the sharp point of a spindle, which she had.
made the nurse bring to her, and let a drop of blood,
grey as the mist, fall upon the lips of the child; and
passed out into the darkness.
When the crones were gone, the nurse came to her
courage again, and hurried to the High King's house,
and cried out in the midst of the assembly hall that the
Sidhe had bent over the child that night; and the king
and his poets and men of law went with her to the hut
166
Tbe Wisdom of tbe King
and gathered about the cradle, and were as noisy as
magpies, and the child sat up and looked at them.
Two years passed over, and the king died; and the
poets and the men oflaw ruled in the name of the child,
but looked to see him become the master himself before
long, for no one had seen so wise a child, and everything
had been well but for a miracle that began to
trouble all men; and all women, who, indeed, talked of
it without ceasing. The feathers of the grey hawk had
begun to grow in the child's hair, and though his
nurse cut them continually, in but a little while they
would be more numerous than ever. This had not been
a matter of great importance, for miracles were a little
thing in those days, but for an ancient law of Ireland
that none who had any blemish of body could sit upon
the throne; and as a grey hawk is a brute thing of the
air, it was not possible to think of one in whose hair its
feathers grew as other than marred and blasted; nor
could the people separate from their admiration of the
wisdom that grew in him a horror as at one of
unhuman blood. Yet all were resolved th~t he should
reign, for they had suffered much from foolish kings
and their own disorders; and no one had any other
fear but that his great wisdom might bid him obey
the law, and call some other to reign in his stead.
When the child was seven years old the poets and
the men of law were called together by the chief poet,
and all these matters weighed and considered. The child
had already seen that those about him had hair only,
and, though they had told him that they too had had
feathers but had lost them because of a sin committed
The Secret ~se
by their forefathers, they knew that he would learn the
truth when he began to wander into the country round
about. After much consideration they made a new law
commanding everyone upon pain of death, to mingle
artificially the feathers of the grey hawk into his hair;
and they sent men with nets and slings and bows into
the countries round about to gather a sufficiency of
feathers. They decreed also that any who told the truth
to the child should be put to death.
The years passed, and the child grew from childhood
into boyhood and from boyhood into manhood,- and
became busy with strange and subtle thought, distinctions
between things long held the same, resemblance
of things long held different. Multitudes came from
other lands to see him and to question him, but there
were guards set at the frontiers, who compelled all to
wear the feathers of the grey hawk in their hair. While
they listened to him his words seemed to make all darkness
light and filled their hearts like music; but when
they returned to their own lands his words seemed far
off, and wh,at they could remember too strange and
subtle to help them ill their lives. A number indeed did
live differently afterwards, but their new life was les.s
excellent than the old: some among them had long
served a good cause, but when they heard him praise it,
they returned to their own lands to find what they had
loved less lovable, for he had taught them how little
divides the false and true; others, again, who had served
no cause, but had sought in peace the welfare of their
own households, found their bones softer and less ready
for toil, for he had shown them greater purposes; and
I68
The Wisdom of the King
numbers of the young, when they had heard him upon
all these things, remembered certain strange words that
made ordinary joys nothing, and sought impossible
joys and grew unhappy.
Among those who came to look at him and to listen
to him was the daughter of a little king who lived a
great way off; and when he saw her he loved, for she
was beautiful, with a beauty unlike that of other women;
but her heart was like that of other women, and when
she thought of the mystery of the hawk feathers she
was ·afraid. Overwhelmed with his greatness, she half
accepted, and yet half refused his love, and day by day
the king gave her gifts the merchants had carried from
India or maybe from China itself; and still she was ever
between a smile and a frown; between yielding and
withholding. He laid all his wisdom at her feet, and told
a multitude of things that even the Sidhe have forgotten,
and he thought she understood because her
beauty was like wisdom.
There was a tall young man in the house who had
yellow hair, and was skilled in wrestling;lIClnd one day
the king heard his voice among the salley bushes. 'My
dear,' it said, 'I hate them for making you weave these
dingy feathers into your beautiful hair, and all that the
bird of prey upon the throne may sleep easy 0' nights';
and then the low, musical voice he loved answered:
'My hair is not beautiful like yours; and now that I have
plucked the feathers out of your hair I will put my
h<tnds through it, thus, and thus, and thus; for it does
not make me afraid.' Then the king remembered many
things that he had forgotten without understanding
The 5 eent Pv!.,se
them, chance words of his poets and his men of law,
doubts that he had reasoned away; and he called to the
lovers in a trembling voice. They came from among the
salley bushes and threw themselves at his feet and
prayed for pardon. He stooped down and plucked the
feathers out of the hair of the woman and turned away
without a word. He went to the hall of assembly, and
having gathered his poets and his men of law about
him, stood upon the dais and spoke in a loud, clear
voice: 'Men of law, why did you make me sin against
the laws? Men of verse, why did you make me sin
against the secrecy of wisdom?-for law was made by
man for the welfare of man, but wisdom the gods have
made, and no man shall live by its light, for it and the
hail and the rain and the thunder follow a way that is
deadly to mortal things. Men of law and men of verse,
live according to your kind, and call Eochaid of the Hasty
Mind to reign over you, for I set out to find my kindred.'
He then came down among them, and drew out of the
hair of first one and then another the feathers of the
grey hawk, and, having scattered them over the rushes
upon the floor, passed out, and none dared to follow
him, for his eyes gleamed like the eyes of the birds of
prey; and no man saw him again or heard his voice.
The Heart of the Spring
THE HEART OF THE SPRING
A VERY old man, whose face was almost as fleshless as
the foot of a bird, sat meditating upon the rocky shore
of the flat and hazel-covered isle which fills the widest
part of Lough Gill. A russet-faced boy of seventeen
years sat by his side, watching the swallows dipping for
flies in the still water. The old man was dressed in
threadbare blue velvet and the boy wore a frieze coat
and had a rosary about his neck. Behind the two, and
half hidden by trees, was a little monastery. It had been
burned down a long while before by sacrilegious men
of the Queen's party, but had been roofed anew with
rushes by the boy, that the old man might find shelter
in his last days. He had not set his spade, however, into
the garden about it, and the lilies and the roses of the
monks had spread out until their confused luxuriance
met and mingled with the narrowing circle of the fern.
Beyond the lilies and the roses the ferns were so deep
that a child walking among them would be hidden from
sight, even though he stood upon his toes; and beyond
the fern rose many hazels and small oak-trees.
'Master,' said the boy, 'this long fasting, and the
labour of beckoning after nightfall to the beings who
dwellin the waters and among the hazels and oak-trees, is
too much for your strength. Rest from all this labour for
a little, for your hand this day seemed more heavy upon
my shoulder and your feet less steady than I have known
them. Men say that you are older than the eagles, and
yet you will not seek the rest that belongs to age.' He
171
The Secret 1\gse
spoke eagerly, as though his heart were in the words;
and the old man answered slowly and deliberately, as
though his heart were in distant days and events.
'I will tell you why I have not been able to rest,' he
said. 'It is right that you should know, for you have
served me faithfully these five years, and even with
affection, taking away thereby a little of the doom of
loneliness which always falls upon the wise. Now, too,
that the end of my labour and the triumph of my hopes
is at hand, it is more needful for you to have this knowledge.'
'Master, do not think that I would question you. It
is my life to keep the fire alight, and the thatch close
that the rain may not come in, and strong, that the wind
may not blow it among the trees; and to take down the
heavy books from the shelves, and to possess an incurious
and reverent heart. God has made out of His abundance
a separate wisdom for everything which lives,
and to do these things is my wisdom.'
'Y ou are afraid,' said the old man, and his eyes shone
with a momentary anger.
'Sometimes at night,' said the boy, 'when you are
reading, with a stick of mountain ash in your hand, I
look out of the door and see, now a great grey man
driving swine among the hazels, and now many little
people in red caps who come out of the lake driving
little white cows before them. I do not fear these little
people so much as the grey man; for, when they'come
near the house, they milk the cows, and they drink the
frothing milk, and begin to dance; and I know there is
good in the heart that loves dancing; but I fear them for
'The Heart of the Spring
all that. And I fear the tall white-armed ladies who come
out of the air, and move slowly hither and thither,
crowning themselves with the roses or with the lilies,
and shaking about them their living hair, which moves,
for so I have heard them tell the little people, with the
motion of their thoughts, now spreading out and now
gathering close to their heads. They have mild, beautiful
faces, but I am afraid of the Sidhe, and afraid of the
art which draws them about us.'
'Why,' said the old man, 'do you fear the ancient
gods' who made the spears of your father's fathers to be
stout in battle, and the little people who came at night
from the depth of the lakes and sang among the crickets
upon their hearths? And in our evil day they still watch
over the loveliness of the earth. But I must tell you why
I have fasted and laboured when others would sink into
the sleep of age, for without your help once more I
shall have fasted and laboured to no good end. When
you have done for me this last thing, you may go and
build your cottage and till your fields, and take some
girl to wife, and forget the ancient gods, fof! shall leave
behind me in this little house money to make strong the
roof-tree of your cottage and to keep cellar and larder
full. I have sought through all my life to find the secret
of life. I was not happy in my youth, for I knew that it
would pass; and I was not happy in my manhood, for I
knew that age was coming; and so I gave myself, in
youth and manhood and age, to the search for the Great
Secret. I longed for a life whose abundance would fill
centuries, I scorned the life of fourscore winters. I would
be-no, I will be I-like the ancient gods of the land.
173
The Secret ~se
I read in my youth, in a Hebrew manuscript I found in
a Spanish monastery, that there is a moment after the
Sun has entered the Ram and before he has passed the
Lion, which trembles with the Song of the Immortal
Powers, and that whosoever finds this moment and
listens to the Song shall become like the Immortal
Powers themselves; I came back to Ireland and asked
the faery men, and the cow-doctors, if they knew when
this moment was; but though all had heard of it, there
was none could find the moment upon the hour-glass.
So I gave myself to magic, and spent my life in fa'sting
and in labour that I might bring the gods and the Men
of Faery to my side; and now at last one of the Men of
F aery has told me that the moment is at hand. One, who
wore a red cap and whose lips were white with the froth
of the new milk, whispered it into my ear. To-morrow,
a little before the close of the first hour after dawn, I
shall find the moment, and then I will go away to a
southern land and build myself a palace of white marble
amid orange-trees, and gather the brave and the beautiful
about me, and enter into the eternal kingdom of my
youth. But, that I may hear the whole Song, I was told
by the little fellow with the froth of the new milk on his
lips that you must bring great masses of green boughs
and pile them about the door and the window of my
room; and you must put fresh green rushes upon the
floor, and cover the table and the rushes with the roses
and the lilies of the monks. You must do this to-night,
and in the morning at the end of the first hour after
dawn, you must come and find me.'
'Will you be quite young then?' said the boy.
174
Tbe Heart of tbe Spring
'I will be as young then as you are, but now I am still
old and tired, and you must help me to my chair and to
my books.'
When the boy had left the wizard in his room, and
had lighted the lamp which, by some contrivance, gave
forth a sweet odour as of strange flowers, he went into
the wood and began cutting green boughs from the
hazels, and great bundles of rushes from the western
border of the isle, where the small rocks gave place to
gently sloping sand and clay. It was nightfall before he
had eut enough for his purpose, and well nigh midnight
before he had carried the last bundle to its place, and
gone back for the roses and the lilies. It was one of those
warm, beautiful nights when everything seems carved
of precious stones. Sleuth Wood away to the south
looked as though cut out of green beryl, and the waters
that mirrored it shone like pale opal. The roses he was
gathering were like glowing rubies, and the lilies had
the dull lustre of pearl. Everything had taken upon
itself the look of something imperishable, except a glowworm,
whose faint flame burnt on steadily among the
shadows, moving slowly hither and thither, the only
thing that seemed alive, the only thing that seemed
perishable as mortal hope. The boy gathered a great
armful of roses and lilies, and thrusting the glow-worm
among their pearl and ruby, carried them into the room,
where the old man sat in a half-slumber. He laid armful
after armful upon the floor and above the table, and
th~n, gently closing the door, threw himself upon his
bed of rushes, to dream of a peaceful manhood with a
desirable wife and laughing children. At dawn he got
175
The Secret 7{gse
up, and went down to the edge of the lake, taking the
hour-glass with him. He put some bread and wine into
the boat, that his master might not lack food at the outset
of his journey, and then sat down to wait the close
of the first hour after dawn. Gradually the birds began
to sing, and when the last grains of sand were falling,
everything suddenly seemed to overflow with their
music. It was the most beautiful and living moment of
the year; one could listen to the spring's heart beating
in it. He got up and went to find his master. The green
boughs filled the door, and he had to make a, way
through them. When he entered the room the sunlight
was falling in flickering circles on floor and walls and
table, and everything was full of soft green shadows.
But the old man sat clasping a mass of roses and lilies
in his arms, and with his head sunk upon his breast. On
the table, at his left hand, was a leather wallet full of
gold and silver pieces, as for a journey, and at his right
hand was a long staff. The boy touched him and he did
not move. He lifted the hands, but they were quite cold,
and they fell heavily.
'It were better for him,' said the lad, 'to have said his
prayers and kissed his beads l' He looked at the threadbare
blue velvet, and he saw it was covered with the
pollen of the flowers, and while he was looking at it a
thrush, who had alighted among the boughs that were
piled against the window, began to sing.
The Curse of the :fires and the Shadows
THE CURSE OF THE FIRES AND OF
THE SHADOWS
ONE summer night, when there was peace, a score of
Puritan troopers, under the pious Sir Frederick Hamilton,
broke through the door of the Abbey of the White
Friars at Sligo. As the door fell with a crash they saw a
little knot of friars gathered about the altar, their white
habits glimmering in the steady light of the holy
cand1es. All the monks were kneeling except the abbot,
who stood upon the altar steps with a great brass crucifix
in his hand. 'Shoot them!' cried Sir Frederick
Hamilton, but nobody stirred, for all were new converts,
and feared the candles and the crucifix. For a little
while all were silent, and then five troopers, who were
the bodyguard of Sir Frederick Hamilton, lifted their
muskets, and shot down five of the friars. The noise
and the smoke drove away the mystery of the pale altar
lights, and the other troopers took courage and began
to strike. In a moment the friars lay about the altar
steps, their white habits stained with blood. 'Set fire to
the house!' cried Sir Frederick Hamilton, and a trooper
carried in a heap of dry straw, and piled it against the
western wall, but did not light it, because he was still
afraid of crucifix and of candles. Seeing this, the five
troopers who were Sir Frederick Hamilton's bodyguard
went up to the altar, and taking each a holy
candle set the straw in a blaze. The red tongues of fire
rushed up towards the roof, and crept along the floor,
setting in a blaze the seats and benches, and making the
177
The Secret ~se
shadows of the troopers dance among the corbels and
the memorial tablets.
F or a time the altar stood safe and apart in the midst
of its white light; the eyes of the troopers turned upon
it. The abbot whom they had thought dead had risen
to his feet and now stood before it with the crucifix
lifted in both hands high above his head. Suddenly he
cried with a loud voice, 'Woe unto all who have struck
down those who have lived in the Light of the Lord,
for they shall wander among shadows and among
fires l' And having so cried he fell on his face dead, and
the brass crucifix rolled down the steps of the altar. The
smoke had now grown very thick) so that it drove the
troopers out into the open air. Before them were burning
houses. Behind them shone the Abbey windows
filled with saints and martyrs, awakened, as from a
sacred trance, into an angry and animated life. The eyes
of the troopers were dazzled, and for a while could see
nothing but the flaming faces of saints and martyrs.
Presently, however, they saw a man covered with dust
who came running towards them. 'Two messengers,'
he cried, 'have been sent by the defeated Irish to raise
against you the whole country about Manor Hamilton,
and if you do not stop them you will be overpowered
in the woods before you reach home again! They ride
north-east between Ben Bulben and Cashel-na-Gael.'
Sir Frederick Hamilton called to him the five
troopers who had first fired upon the friars and said,
'Mount quickly, and ride through the woods towards
the mountain, and get before these men, and kill them.'
In a moment the troopers were gone, and before
The Curse of the Fires and the Shadows
many moments they had splashed across the ri" cr at
what is now called Buckley's Ford, and plunged into
the woods. They followed a beaten track that wound
along the n'orthern bank of the river. The boughs of the
birch and mountain ash mingled above, and hid the
cloudy moonlight, leaving the pathway in almost complete
darkness. They rode at a rapid trot, now chatting
together, now watching some stray weasel or rabbit
scuttling away in the darkness. Gradually, as the gloom
and silence of the woods oppressed them, they drew
close! together, and began to talk rapidly; they were
old comrades and knew each other's lives. One was
married, and told how glad his wife would be to see
him return safe from this harebrained expedition against
the White Friars, and to hear how fortune had made
amends for rashness. The oldest of the five, whose wife
was dead, spoke of a flagon of wine which awaited him
upon an upper shelf; while a third, who was the youngest,
had a sweetheart watching for his return, and he
rode a little way before the others, not talking at all.
Suddenly the young man stopped, and they saw that
his horse was trembling. '1 saw something,' he said,
'and yet it may have been but a shadow. It looked like
a great worm with a silver crown upon his head.' One
of the five put his hand up to his forehead as if about
to cross himself, but remembering that he had changed
his religion he put it down, and said, 'I am certain it was
but a shadow, for there are a great many about us, and
of "Very strange kinds.' Then they rode on in silence.
~t had been raining in the earlier part of the day, and
the drops fell from the branches, wetting their hair
179
The Secret 'B...Q.se
and their shoulders. In a little they began to talk again.
They had been in many battles against many a rebel
together, and now told each other over again the story
of their wounds, and half forgot the terrible solitude
of the woods.
Suddenly the first two horses neighed, and then
stood still, and would go no farther. Before them was
a glint of water, and they knew by the rushing sound
that it was a river. They dismounted, and after much
tugging and coaxing brought the horses to the riverside.
In the midst of the water stood a tall old woman
with grey hair flowing over a grey dress. She stood up
to her knees in the water, and stooped from time to
time as though washing. Presently they could see that
she was washing something that half floated. The
moon cast a flickering light upon it, and they saw that
it was the dead body of a man, and, while they were
looking at it, the eddy of the river turned the face towards
them, and each of the five troopers recognised
at the same moment his own face. While they stood
dumb and motionless with horror, the woman began
to speak, saying slowly and loudly, 'Did you see my
son? He has upon his head a crown of silver.' Then the
oldest of the troopers, he who had been most often
wounded, drew his sword and said, 'I have fought for
the truth of my God, and need not fear the shadows
of Satan,' and with that rushed into the water. In a
moment he returned. The woman had vanished, and
though he had thrust his sword into air and water-ohe
had found nothing.
The five troopers remounted, and set their horses at
180
crhe Curse of the Fires and the Shadows
the ford, but all to no purpose. They tried again and
again, and went plunging hither and thither, the horses
foaming and rearing. 'Let us,' said the old trooper,
'ride back a little into the wood, and strike the
river higher up.' They rode in under the boughs, the
ground-ivy crackling under the hoofs, and the branches
striking against their steel caps. After about twenty
minutes' riding they came out again upon the river, and
after another ten minutes found a place where it was
possible to cross without sinking above the stirrups.
The wood upon the other side was very thin, and broke
the moonlight into long streams. The wind had arisen,
and had begun to drive the clouds rapidly across the
face of the moon, so that thin streams of light were
dancing among scattered bushes and small fir-trees.
The tops of the trees began also to moan, and the sound
of it was like the voice of the dead in the wind; and the
troopers remembered that the dead in Purgatory are
said to be spitted upon the points of the trees and upon
the points of the rocks. They turned a little to the
south, in the hope that they might strike the beaten
path again, but they could find no trace of it .
. Meanwhile, the moaning grew louder and louder,
and the dancing of the moonlight seemed more and
more rapid. Gradually they began to be aware of a
sound of distant music. It was the sound of a bagpipe,
and they rode towards it with great joy. It came from
the bottom of a deep, cuplike hollow. In the midst
of ~the hollow was an old man with a red cap and
withered face. He sat beside a fire of sticks, and' had
a burning torch thrust into the earth at his feet, and
181
The Secret ~se
played an old bagpipe furiously. His red hair dripped
over his face like the iron rust upon a rock. 'Did you
see my wife?' he said, looking up a moment; 'she was
washing! she was washing!' 'I am afraid of him,' said
the young trooper; 'I fear he is not a right man.' 'No,'
said the old trooper, 'he is a man like ourselves, for I
can see the sun-freckles upon his face. We will compel
him to be our guide'; and at that he drew his sword, and
the others did the same. They stood in a ring round the
piper, and pointed their swords at him, and the old
trooper then told him that they must kill two rebels,
who had taken the road between Ben Bulben and the
great mountain spur that is called Cashel-na-Gael, and
that he must get up on the horse before one of them and
be their guide, for they had lost their way. The piper
pointed to a neighbouring tree, and they saw an old
white horse ready bitted, bridled, and saddled. He
slung the pipe across his back, and, taking the torch in
his hand, got upon the horse, and started off before
them, as hard as he could go.
The wood grew thinner now, and the ground began
to slope up toward the mountain. The moon had already
set, but the stars shone brightly between the
clouds. The ground sloped more and more until at last
they rode far above the woods upon the wide top of the
mountain. The woods lay spread out mile after mile
below, and away to the south shot up the red glare of
the burning town. The guide drew rein suddenly, and
pointing upwards with the hand that did not hold "the
torch, shrieked out, 'Look; look at the holy candles!'
and then plunged forward at a gallop, waving the torch
l82.
The Curse oj the Fires and the Shadows
hither and thither. 'Do you hear the hoofs of the messengers?'
cried the guide. 'Quick, quick! or they will
be gone out of your hands!' and he laughed as with
delight of the chase. The troopers thought they could
hear far off, and as if below them, rattle of hoofs; but
now the ground began to slope more and more, and the
speed grew more headlong moment by moment. They
tried to pull up, but they could not, for the horses
seemed to have gone mad. The guide had thrown the
reins on to the neck of the old white horse, and was
waving his arms and singing in Gaelic. Suddenly they
saw the thin gleam of a river, at an immense distance
below, and knew that they were upon the brink of the
abyss that is now called Lugnagall, or in English the
Steep Place of the Strangers. The six horses sprang
forward, and five screams went up into the air, and a
moment later five men and horses fell with a dull crash
upon the green slopes at the foot of the rocks.
rhe Secret ~se
WHERE THERE IS NOTHING, THERE IS GOD
THE little wicker houses at Tullagh, where the Brothers
were accustomed to pray, or bend over many handicrafts,
when twilight had driven them from the fields,
were empty, for the hardness of the winter had brought
the brotherhood together in the little wooden house
under the shadow of the wooden chapel; and Abbot Malathgeneus,
Brother Dove, Brother Bald Fox, Brother
Peter, Brother Patrick, Brother Bittern, Brother f airBrows,
and many too young to have won names in the
great battle, sat about the fire with ruddy faces, one
mending lines to lay in the river for eels, one fashioning
a snare for birds, one mending the broken handle of a
spade, one writing in a large book, and one shaping a
jewelled box to hold the book; and among the rushes
at their feet lay the scholars, who would one day be
Brothers, and whose school-house it was, and for the
succour of whose tender years the great fire was supposed
to leap and flicker. One of these, a child of eight
or nine years, called Olioll, lay upon his back looking
up through the hole in the roof, through which the
smoke went, and watching the stars appearing and disappearing
in the smoke with mild eyes, like the eyes of
a beast of the field. He turned presently to the Brother
who wrote in the big book, and whose duty was to
teach the children, and said, 'Brother Dove, to what are
the stars fastened?' The Brother, rejoicing to see 'so
much curiosity in the stupidest of his scholars, laid down
the pen and said, 'There are nine crystalline spheres,
Where there is J\C.!!jhing} there is god
and on the first the Moon is fastened, on the second the
planet Mercury, on the third the planet Venus, on the
fourth the Sun, on the fifth the planet Mars, on the sixth
the planet' Jupiter, on the seventh the planet Saturn;
these are the wandering stars; and on the eighth are
fastened the fixed stars; but the ninth sphere is a sphere
of the substance on which the breath of God moved in
the beginning.'
'What is beyond that?' said the child.
'There is nothing beyond that; there is God.'
And then the child's eyes strayed to the jewelled
box, where one great ruby was gleaming in the light of
the fire, and he said, 'Why has Brother Peter put a great
ruby on the side of the box?'
'The ruby is a symbol of the love of God.'
'Why is the ruby a symbol of the love of God?'
'Because it is red, like fire, and fire bums up everything,
and where there is nothing, there is God.'
The child sank into silence, but presently sat up and
said, 'There is somebody outside.'
'No,' replied the Brother. 'It is only the wolves; I
have heard them moving about in the snow for some
time. They are growing very wild, now that the winter
drives them from the mountains. They broke into a fold
last night and carried off many sheep, and if we are not
careful they will devour everything.'
'No, it is the footstep of a man, for it is heavy; but I
can hear the footsteps of the wolves also.'
. He had no sooner done speaking than somebody
rapped three times, but with no great loudness.
'I will go and open, for he must be very cold.'
CJ'he Secret ~se
'Do not open, for it may be a man-wolf, and he may
devour us all.'
But the boy had already drawn back the heavy
wooden bolt, and all the faces, most of them a little
pale, turned towards the slowly-opening door.
'He has beads and a cross, he cannot be a man-wolf,'
said the child, as a man with the snow heavyon his long,
ragged beard, and on the matted hair that fell over his
shoulders and nearly to his waist, and dropping from
the tattered cloak that but half covered his withered
brown body, came in and looked from face to face·with
mild, ecstatic eyes. Standing some way from the fire,
and with eyes that had rested at last upon the Abbot
Malathgeneus, he cried out, '0 blessed abbot, let me
come to the fire and warm myself and dry the snow
from my beard and my hair and my cloak; that I may
not die of the cold of the mountains and anger the Lord
with a wilful martyrdom.'
'Come to the fire,' said the abbot, 'and warm yourself,
and eat the food the boy Olioll will bring you. It
is sad indeed that any for whom Christ has died should
be as poor as you.'
The man sat over the fire, and Olioll took away
his now dripping cloak and laid meat and bread
and wine before him; but he would eat only of the
bread, and he put away the wine, asking for water.
When his beard and hair had begun to dry a little
and his limbs had ceased to shiver with the cold, he
spoke again.
'0 blessed abbot, have pity on the poor, have pity
on a beggar who has trodden the bare world this many
186
Where there is :N:.!!!hing, there is god
a year, and give me some labour to do, the hardest
there is, for I am the poorest of God's poor.'
Then the Brothers discussed together what work they
could put him to, and at first to little purpose, for there
was no labour that had not found its labourer in that
busy community; but at last one remembered that
Brother Bald Fox, whose business it was to turn the
great quem in the quem-house, for he was too stupid
for anything else, was getting old for so heavy a labour;
and so the beggar was put to the quern from the
morrow.
The cold passed away, and the spring grew to summer,
and the quem was never idle, nor was it turned
with grudging labour, for when any passed the beggar
was heard singing as he drove the handle round. The
last gloom, too, had passed from that happy community,
for Olioll, who had always been stupid and unteachable,
grew clever, and this was the more miraculous
because it had come of a sudden. One day he had
been even duller than usual, and was beaten and told to
know his lesson better on the morrow or be sent into a
lower class among little boys who would make a joke
of him. He had gone out in tears, and when he came
the next day, although his stupidity, born of a mind that
would listen to every wandering sound and brood upon
every wandering light, had so long been the byword of
the school, he knew his lesson so well that he passed to
the head of the class, and from that day was the best of
scholars. At first Brother Dove thought this was an
answer to his own prayers to the Virgin, and took it for
a great proof of the love she bore him; but when many
The 5 eeret 'Rgse
far more fervid prayers had failed to add a single wheatsheaf
to the harvest, he began to think that the child was
trafficking with bards, or Druids, or witches, and resolved
to follow and watch. He had told his 'thought to
the abbot, who bid him come to him the moment he hit
the truth; and the next day, which was a Sunday, he
stood in the path when the abbot and the Brothers were
coming from vespers, with their white habits upon
them, and took the abbot by the habit and said: 'The
beggar is of the greatest of saints and of the workers of
miracle. I followed Olioll but now, and by his slow
steps and his bent head I saw that the weariness of his
stupidity was over him, and when he came to the little
wood by the quem-house I knew by the path broken
in the underwood and by the footmarks in the muddy
places that he had gone that way many times. I hid
behind a bush where the path doubled upon itself at a
sloping place, and understood by the tears in his eyes
that his stupidity was too old and his wisdom too new
to save him from terror of the rod. When he was in the
quem-house I went to the window and looked in, and
the birds came down and perched upon my head and
my shoulders, for they are not timid in that holy place-;
and a wolf passed by, his right side shaking my habit,
his left the leaves of a bush. Olioll opened his book and
turned to the page I had told him to learn, and began to
cry, and the beggar sat beside him and comforted him
until he fell asleep. When his sleep was of the deepest
the beggar knelt down and prayed aloud, and said, "0
Thou Who dwellest beyond the stars, show forth Thy
power as at the beginning, and let knowledge sent from
I8S
Where there is :l'(pJhing, there is god
Thee awaken in his mind, wherein is nothing from the
world, that the nine orders of angels may glorify Thy
name" ; and then a light broke out of the air and wrapped
Olioll, and I smelt the breath of roses. I stirred a little
in my wonder, and the beggar turned and saw me, and,
bending low, said, "0 Brother Dove, if I have done
wrong, forgive me, and I will do penance. It was my
pity moved me"; but I was afraid and I ran away, and
did not stop running until I came here.'
Then all the Brothers began talking together, one
sayi~g it was such-and-such a saint, and one that it was
not he but another; and one that it was none of these,
for they were still in their brotherhoods, but that it was
such-and-such a one; and the talk was as near to quarrelling
as might be in that gentle community, for each
would claim so great a saint for his native province. At
last the abbot said: 'He is none that you have named, for
at Easter I had greeting from all, and each was in his
brotherhood; but he is Aengus the Lover of God, and
the first of those who have gone to live in the wild
places and among the wild beasts. Ten years ago he felt
the burden of many labours in a brotherhood under the
Bill of Patrick and went into the forest that he might
labour only with song to the Lord; but the fame of his
holiness brought many thousands to his cell, so that a
little pride clung to a soul from which all else had been
driven. Nine years ago he dressed himself in rags, and
from that day none has seen him, unless, indeed, it be
true that he has been seen living among the wolves on
the mountains and eating the grass of the fields. Let us
go to him and bow down before him; for at last, after
189
rhe Secret ~se
long seeking, he has found the nothing that is God; and
bid him lead us in the pathway he has trodden.'
They passed in their white habits along the beaten
path in the wood, the acolytes swinging their censers
before them, and the abbot, with his crozier studded
with precious stones, in the midst of the incense; and
came before the quem-house and knelt down and began
to pray, awaiting the moment when the child would
wake, and the Saint cease from his watch and come to
look at the sun going down into the unknown darkness,
as his way was.
The Old 0'J1en of the Twilight
THE OLD MEN OF THE TWILIGHT
AT the place, close to the Dead Man's Point, at the
Rosses, where the disused pilot-house looks out to sea
through two round windows like eyes, a mud cottage
stood in the last century. It also was a watchhouse, for
a certain old Michael Bruen, who had been a smuggler,
and was still the father and grandfather of smugglers,
lived there, and when, after nightfall, a tall French
scho"oner crept over the bay from Roughley, it was his
business to hang a horn lantern in the southern window,
that the news might travel to Dorren's Island,
and thence, by another horn lantern, to the village of
the Rosses. But for this glimmering of messages, he had
little business with mankind, for he was very old, and
had no thought for anything but for the making of his
soul, bent double over his Spanish beads. One night
he had watched hour after hour, because a gentle and
favourable wind was blowing, and La Mere de Misericorde
was much overdue. At last he was about to lie
down upon his heap of straw, for he knew that she
would not dare to round Roughley and come to an
anchor after daybreak, when he saw a long line of
herons flying slowly from Dorren's Island and towards
the pools which lie, half choked with reeds,
behind what is called the Second Rosses. He had never
before seen herons flying over the sea, for they are
shore-keeping birds, and partly because this had
startled him out of his drowsiness, and more because
the long delay of the schooner had emptied his
The Secret ~se
cupboard, he took down his rusty shot -gun, of which the
barrel was tied on with a piece of string, and set out for
the pools.
In a little he came upon the herons, of which there
were a great number, standing with lifted legs in the
shallow water; and crouching down behind a bank of
rushes, looked to the priming of his gun, and bent for
a moment over his rosary to murmur, 'Holy Saint Patrick,
I have a great desire for heron-pie; and if you
keep me from missing I will say a rosary to you every
night until the pie is eaten.' Then he lay down, and,
resting his gun upon a large stone, turned towards a
heron which stood upon a bank of smooth grass over
a little stream that flowed into the pool; for he feared
to take the rheumatism by wading, as he would have to
do ifhe shot one of those which stood in the water. But
when he looked along the barrel the heron was gone,
and, to his wonder and terror, a man that seemed of an
infinitely great age stood in its place. He lowered the
gun, and once more the heron stood there with bent
head and motionless feathers. He raised the gun, and
no sooner did he look along the barrel than the old man
was again before him, only to vanish when he lowered
the gun for the second time. He laid the gun down, and
crossed himself three times, and said a Paternoster and
an Ave Maria, and muttered half aloud, 'Some enemy
of God is fishing in the blessed water,' and thereupon
he aimed very carefully and slowly. He fired, and when
the smoke had gone saw an old man, huddled upon the
grass, and a long line of herons flying towards the sea.
He went round a bend of the pool, and coming to the
The Old rtM'en of the Twilight
little stream looked down on a figure wrapped in faded
clothes of an ancient pattern and spotted with blood.
He shook his head at the sight of so great a wickedness.
Suddenly the clothes moved and an arm was stretched
upwards towards the rosary which hung about his
neck, and long wasted fingers almost touched the cross.
He started back, crying, 'Wizard, I will let no wicked
thing touch my blessed beads.'
'If you listen to me,' replied a voice so faint that it
was like a sigh, 'you will know that I am not a wizard,
and-you will let me kiss the cross before I die.'
'I will listen to you,' he answered, 'but I will not let
you touch my blessed beads,' and sitting on the grass
a little way from the dying man, he reloaded his gun
and laid it across his knees and composed himself to
listen.
'1 do not know how many generations ago we, who
are now herons, were men of learning; we neither
hunted, nor went to battle, nor said prayers, nor sang
songs, nor made love. The Druids told us, many a time,
of a new Druid Patrick; and most among them were
angry with him, while a few thought his doctrine
merely their own doctrine set out in new images, and
were for giving him welcome; but we yawned when
they spoke of him. At last they came crying that he was
coming to the king's house, and fell to their dispute,
but we would listen to neither party, for we disputed
concerning prosody and the relative importance of
rhyme and assonance, syllable and accent; nor were we
disturbed when they passed our door with sticks of
enchantment under their arms, travelling towards the
193
The Secret ~se
forest, nor when they returned after nightfall with pale
faces and despairing cries; for the click of our knives
writing our thoughts in Ogham delighted us. The next
day crowds passed going to the king's house, and one
of us, who had laid down his knife to yawn and stretch
himself, heard a voice speaking far off; but our hearts
were deaf, and we carved and disputed and read, and
laughed together. In a little we heard many feet coming
towards the house, and presently two tall figures stood
in the door, the one in white, the other in a crimson
coat; and we knew the Druid Patrick and our king ... We
laid down the slender knives and bowed before the
king, but it was not the loud rough voice of our king
that spoke to us, but a voice of rapture: "I preached the
commandments of God," it said, "within the king's
house, and from the centre of the earth to the windows
of Heaven there was a great silence, so that the eagle
floated with unmoving wings, and the fish with unmoving
fins, while the linnets and the wrens and the
sparrows stilled their ever-trembling tongues, and the
clouds were like white marble, and the shrimps in
the far-off sea-pools became still, enduring eternity in
patience, although it was hard. But your slender knives
kept up their clicking, and, all else being silent, the
sound is not to be endured. Because you have lived
where the feet of the angels cannot touch your heads,
nor the hair of the demons sweep your feet-soles, I
shall make you an example for ever and ever; you shall
become grey herons and stand pondering in grey pools
and flit over the world in that hour when it is most full
of sighs; and your deaths shall come by chance and
194
The Old e?I1 en of the Twilight
unforeseen, for you shall not be certain about anything
for ever and ever." ,
The voice became still, but the voteen bent over his
gun with his eyes upon the ground, too stupid to understand
what he had heard; and he had remained so, it
may be for a long time, had not a tug at his rosary
aroused him. The old man of learning had crawled
along the grass, and was now trying to draw the cross
down low enough for his lips to reach it.
'You must not touch my blessed beads,' cried the
voteen, and struck the long withered fingers with the
barrel of his gun. He need not have struck him, for
the old man fell back upon the grass with a sigh and
was quiet. He bent down and began to consider the discoloured
clothes, for his fear had grown less when he
understood that he had something the man of learning
wanted, and now that the blessed beads were safe, his
fear had nearly all gone; and surely, he thought, if that
cloak be warm and without holes, Saint Patrick would
take the enchantment out of it and leave it fit for use.
But the old discoloured cloth fell away wherever his
fingers touched it, and presently a slight wind blew
{)Ver the pool and crumbled the old man oflearning and
all his ancient gear into a little heap of dust, and then
made the little heap less and less until there was nothing
but the smooth green grass.
195
The Secret ~se
PROUD COSTELLO, MACDERMOT'S DAUGHTER,
AND THE BITTER TONGUE
COSTELLO had come up from the fields and lay upon
the ground before the door of his square tower, resting
his head upon his hands and looking at the sunset, and
considering the chances of the weather. Though the
customs of Elizabeth and James, now going out of
fashion in England, had begun to prevail among the
gentry, he still wore the great cloak of the native Irish;
and the untroubled confidence of his face and his big
body had the pride and strength of a simpler age. His
eyes wandered from the sunset to where the long white
road lost itself over the south-western horizon and to a
horseman who toiled slowly up the hill. A few more
minutes and the horseman was near enough for his little
shapeless body, his long Irish cloak, and the dilapidated
bagpipes hanging from his shoulders, and the roughhaired
garron under him, to be seen distinctly in the
grey dusk. So soon as he had come within earshot, he
began crying, 'Is it sleeping you are, Tumaus Costello,
when better men break their hearts on the great white
roads? Get up out of that, proud Tumaus, for I have
news! Get up out of that, you great omadhaun! Shake
yourself out of the earth, you great weed of a man!'
Costello had risen to his feet, and as the piper came
up to him seized him by the neck of his jacket, lifted him
out of his saddle and shook him.
'Let me alone, let me alone,' said the other, but Costello
still shook him.
Proud Costello
'I have news from MacDermot's daughter Una.' The
great fingers were loosened, and the piper fell gasping.
'Why did you not tell me,' said Costello, 'that you
came from her? You might have railed your fill.'
'I haye come from her, but I will not speak until I am
paid for the shaking.'
Costello fumbled at the bag in which he carried his
money, and it was some time before it would open, for
his hand trembled. 'Here is all the money in my bag,' he
said, dropping some French and Spanish money into
the hand of the piper, who bit the coins before he would
answer.
'That is right, that is a fair price, but I will not speak
till I have good protection, for if the MacDermots lay
their hands upon me in any boreen after sundown, or in
Cool-a-vin by day, I will be left to rot among the
nettles of a ditch, or hung where they hung the horsethieves
last Beltaine four years.' And while he spoke he
tied the reins of his garron to a bar of rusty iron that
was mortared into the wall.
'I will make you my piper and my body-servant,'
said Costello, 'and no man dare lay hands upon a man
.or upon a dog if he belong to Tumaus Costello.'
'And I will only tell my message,' said the other,
flinging the saddle on the ground, 'with a noggin of
whiskey in my hand, for though I am ragged and empty,
myoid fathers were well clothed and full, until their
house was burnt down and their cattle driven away
seven centuries ago by the Dillons, whom I shall yet
see on the hob of Hell, and they screeching.'
Costello led him up a narrow winding stone stair into
197
Tbe 5 eerel ~se
a rush-strewn chamber, where were none of the comforts
which had begun to grow common among the
gentry, and pointed to a seat in the great chimney; and
when the piper had sat down, filled up a horn noggin
and set it on the floor beside him, and a jug beside that,
and then turned towards him and said, 'Will MacDermot's
daughter come to me, Duallach, son of Daly?'
'MacDermot's daughter will not come to you, for her
father has set women to watch her, but I am to tell you
that this day week will be the Eve of Saint John and the
night of her betrothal to MacNamara of the Lake,.and
she wants you to be there that, when they tell her to
drink to him she loves best, she may drink to you,
Tumaus Costello, and let all know where her heart is;
and I myself advise you to go with good men about you,
for I have seen the horse-thieves with my own eyes.'
And then he held the now empty noggin towards Costello,
and cried: 'Fill my noggin again, for I wish the
day had come when all the water in the world is to
shrink into a periwinkle-shell, that I might drink nothing
but whiskey.'
Finding that Costello made no reply, but sat in a
dream, he burst out: 'Fill my noggin, I tell you, for nq
Costello is so great in the world that he should not wait
upon a Daly, even though the Daly travel the road with
his pipes and the Costello have a bare hill, an empty
house, a horse, and a handful of cows.'
'Praise the Dalys if you will,' said Costello as he
filled the noggin, 'for you have brought me a kind word
from my love.'
F or the next few days Duallach went here and there
Proud Costello
trying to raise a bodyguard, and every man he met had
some story of Costello: one told how he killed the
wrestler when but a boy by so straining at the belt that
went about them both that he broke the big wrestler's
back; a!lOther how he dragged fierce horses through a
ford for a wager; another how when grown to be a man
he broke the steel horseshoe in Mayo; but none who
would trust himself with a man so passionate and poor
in a quarrel with careful and wealthy persons like MacDermot
of the Sheep and MacNamara of the Lake.
T.hen Costello went out himself, and brought in a
big half-witted fellow, a farm-labourer who worshipped
him for his strength, a fat farmer whose forefathers had
served his family, and a couple oflads who looked after
his goats and cows; and marshalled them before the
fire. They had brought with them their heavy sticks,
and Costello gave them an old pistol apiece, and kept
them all night drinking and shooting at a white turnip
which he pinned against the wall with a skewer. Duallach
sat on the bench in the chimney playing 'The Green
Bunch of Rushes,' 'The Unchion Stream,' and 'The
Princes of Breffny' on his old pipes, and abusing now
the appearance of the shooters, now their clumsy shooting,
and now Costello because he had no better servants.
The labourer, the half-witted fellow, the farmer
and the lads were well accustomed to Duallach's abusiveness,
but they wondered at the forbearance of Costello,
who seldom came either to wake or wedding, and if he
had would not have been patient with a scolding piper.
On the next evening they set out for Cool-a-vin,
Costello riding a tolerable horse and carrying a sword,
I99
The 5 eent 7V!..se
the others upon rough-haired ponies, and with their
cudgels under their arms. As they rode over the bogs
and in the boreens among the hills they could see fire
answering fire from hill to hill, from horizon to horizon,
and everywhere groups who danced in the red)ight of
the turf. When they carne to MacDermot's house they
saw before the door an unusually large group of the
very poor, dancing about a fire, in the midst of which
was a blazing cart-wheel, and from the door and through
the loopholes on either side carne the light of candles
and the sound of many feet dancing a dance of Elizabeth
and James.
They tied their horses to bushes, for the number so
tied already showed that the stables were full, and
shoved their way through a crowd of peasants who
stood about the door, and went into the big hall where
the dance was. The labourer, the half-witted fellow, the
farmer and the two lads mixed with a group of servants
who were looking on from an alcove, and Duallach sat
with the pipers on their bench, but Costello made his
way through the dancers to where MacDermot stood
pouring out whiskey, MacNamara at his side.
'Tumaus Costello,' said the old man, 'you have don~
a good deed to forget what has been, and corne to the
betrothal of my daughter.'
'I corne,' answered Costello, 'because when in the
time of Costello De Angalo my ancestors overcame your
ancestors and afterwards made peace, a compact was
made that a Costello might go with his body-servants
and his piper to every feast given by a MacDermot
for ever, and a MacDermot with his body-servants
200
Proud Costello
and his piper to every feast given by a Costello for
ever.'
'If you come with evil thoughts and armed men,' said
MacDermbt, flushing, 'no matter how good you are with
your weapons, it shall go badly with you, for some of
my wife's clan have come out of Mayo, and my three
brothers and their servants have come down from the
Ox Mountains'; and while he spoke he kept his hand
inside his coat as though upon the handle of a weapon.
'N 0,' answered Costello, 'I but come to dance a farewell
·dance with your daughter.'
MacDermot drew his hand out of his coat and went
over to a pale girl who was now standing but a little way
off with her mild eyes fixed upon the ground.
'Costello has come to dance a farewell dance, for he
knows that you will never see one another again.'
As Costello led her among the dancers her gentle and
humble eyes were fixed in love upon his pride and violence.
They took their place in the Pavane, that stately
dance which, with the Saraband, the Gallead, and the
Morris dances, had driven out, among all but the most
Irish of the gentry, the quicker rhythms of the verseinterwoven,
pantomimic dances of earlier days; and
while they danced there came over them the weariness
with the world, the melancholy, the pity one for the
other, which is the exultation oflove. And when a dance
ended and the pipers laid down the pipes and lifted the
noggins, they stood a little from the others waiting
pensively and silently for the dance to begin again and
the fire in their hearts to leap up and to wrap them
anew; and so they danced Pavane and Saraband and
201
Tbe 5 eeret ~se
Gallead and Morris the night long, and many stood still
to watch them, and the peasants came about the door
and peered in, as though they understood that they
would gather their children's children about them long
hence, and tell how they had seen Costello dance with
MacDermot's daughter Una; and through all the dancing
and piping MacNamara went hither and thither
talking loudly and making foolish jokes that all might
seem well, and old MacDermot grew redder and redder,
waiting for the dawn.
At last he saw that the moment to end had come,
and, in a pause after a dance, cried out that his daughter
would now drink the cup of betrothal; then Una came
over to where he was, and the guests stood round in a
half-circle, Costello close to the wall, and the piper, the
labourer, the farmer, the half-witted man and the two
farm lads close behind him. The old man took out of a
niche in the wall the silver cup from which her mother
and her mother's mother had drunk the toasts of their
betrothals, filled it with Spanish wine and handed the
cup to his daughter with the customary words, 'Drink
to him whom you love the best.'
She held the cup to her lips for a moment, and then
said in a clear soft voice, 'I drink to my true love,
Tumaus Costello.'
And then the cup rolled over and over on the ground,
ringing like a bell, for the old man had struck her in
the face and the cup had fallen, and there was a deep
silence.
There were many of MacNamara's people among the
servants now come out of the alcove , and one of them,
202
Proud Costello
a story-teller and poet, who had a plate and chair in
MacNamara's kitchen, drew a French knife out of his
girdle, but in a moment Costello had struck him to the
ground. The click of steel had followed quickly, had
not there come a muttering and shouting from the
peasants about the door and from those crowding up
behind them; for all knew that these were no children
of Queen's Irish, but of the wild Irish about Lough
Gabhra and Lough Cara, Kellys, Dockerys, Drurys,
O'Regans, Mahons, and Lavins, who had left the right
armB of their children unchristened that they might
give the better blows, and were even said to have
named the wolves godfathers to their children.
Costello's knuckles had grown white upon the handle
of his sword, but now he drew his hand away, and,
followed by those who were with him, went towards
the door, the dancers giving way before him, the most
angrily and slowly, and with glances at the muttering
and shouting peasants, but some gladly and quickly,
because the glory of his fame was over him. He passed
through the fierce and friendly peasant faces, and came
where his horse and the ponies were tied to bushes; and
mounted and made his bodyguard mount also and ride
into the narrow boreen. When they had gone a little
way, Duallach, who rode last, turned towards the house
where a little group of MacDermots and MacNamaras
stood next to a bigger group of countrymen, and cried,
'MacDermot, you deserve to be as you are this hour,
for your hand was always niggardly to piper and fiddler
and to poor travelling people.' He had not done before
the three old MacDermots from the Ox Mountains had
2.03
The Secret ~se
run towards their horses, and old MacDermot himself
had caught the bridle of a pony belonging to the MacNamaras
and was calling to the others to follow him;
and many blows and many deaths had been had not the
countrymen caught up still blazing sticks fr.om the
ashes of the fires and thrown them among the horses so
that they broke away from those who held them and
scattered through the fields, and before they could be
gathered again Costello was far off.
F or the next few weeks Costello had no lack of news
of Una, for now a woman selling eggs, and now a-man
or a woman going to the Holy Well, would tell him
how his love had fallen ill the day after Saint John's
Eve, and how she was a little better or a little worse.
At last a serving-man rode up to Costello, who was
helping his two lads to reap a meadow, and gave him
a letter, and rode away; and the letter contained these
words in English: 'Tumaus Costello, my daughter is
very ill. She will die unless you come to her. I therefore
command you come to her whose peace you stole by
treachery.'
Costello threw down his scythe, and sent one of the
lads for Duallach, and himself saddled his horse and
Duallach's pony.
When they came to MacDermot's house it was late
afternoon, and Lough Gabhra lay down below them,
blue and deserted; and though they had seen, when at
a distance, dark figures moving about the door, the
house appeared not less deserted than the Lough. The
door stood half open, and Costello knocked upon it
again and again, but there was no answer.
204
Proud Costello
'There is no one here,' said Duallach, 'for MacDermot
is too proud to welcome Proud Costello,' and
he threw the door open, and they saw a ragged, dirty,
very old woman, who sat upon the floor leaning against
the wall. Costello knew that it was Bridget Delaney, a
deaf and dumb beggar; and she, when she saw him,
stood up and made a sign to him to follow, and led him
and his companion 'up a stair and down a long corridor
to a closed door. She pushed the door open and went a
little way off and sat down as before; Duallach sat upon
the ground also, but close to the door, and Costello
went and gazed upon Una sleeping upon a bed. He sat
upon a chair beside her and waited, and a long time
passed and still she slept, and then Duallach motioned
to him through the door to wake her, but he hushed his
very breath, that she might sleep on. Presently he
turned to Duallach and said, 'It is not right that I stay
here where there are none of her kindred, for the common
people are always ready to blame the beautiful.'
And then they went down and stood at the door of the
house and waited, but the evening wore on and no one
came .
. 'It was a foolish man that called you Proud Costello,'
Duallach said at last; 'had he seen you waiting and waiting
where they left none but a beggar to welcome you,
it is Humble Costello he would have called you.'
Then Costello mounted and Duallach mounted, but
when they had ridden a little way Costello tightened
the reins and made his horse stand still. Many minutes
passed, and then Duallach cried, 'It is no wonder that
you fear to offend MacDermot, for he has many
20;
The Secret 'Rgse
brothers and friends, and though he is old, he is a
strong and stirring man, and he is of the Queen's Irish,
and the enemies of the Gael are upon his side.'
And Costello answered, flushing and looking towards
the house, 'I swear by the Mother of God that I
will never return there again if they do not send after
me before I pass the ford in the Brown River,' and he
rode on, but so very slowly that the sun went down and
the bats began to fly over the bogs. When he came to
the river he lingered awhile upon the edge, but presently
rode out into the middle and stopped his norse
in a shallow. Duallach, however, crossed over and
waited on a farther bank above a deeper place. After a
good while Duallach cried out again, and this time very
bitterly, 'It was a fool who begot you and a fool who
bore you, and they are fools who say you come of an
old and noble stock, for you come of whey-faced
beggars who travelled from door to door, bowing to . ,
servmg-men.
With bent head, Costello rode through the river and
stood beside him, and would have spoken had not hoofs
clattered on the farther bank and a horseman splashed
towards them. It was a serving-man of MacDermot'S,
and he said, speaking breathlessly like one who had
ridden hard: 'Tumaus Costello, I come to bring you
again to MacDermot's house. When you had gone, his
daughter Una awoke and called your name, for you had
been in her dreams. Bridget Delaney the Dummy saw
her lips move, and came where we were hiding in
the wood above the house and took MacDermot by
the coat and brought him to his daughter. He saw the
206
Proud Costello
trouble upon her, and bid me ride his own horse to
bring you the quicker.'
Then Costello turned towards the piper Duallach
Daly, and taking him about the waist lifted him out of
the sad~le and threw him against a big stone that was
in the river, so that he fell lifeless into a deep place.
Then plunging his spurs into the horse, he rode away
furiously towards the north-west, along the edge of the
river, and did not pause until he came to another and
smoother ford, and saw the rising moon mirrored
in the water. He paused for a moment irresolute, and
then rode into the ford and on over the Ox Mountains,
and down towards the sea; his eyes almost continually
resting upon the moon. But now his horse, long dark
with sweat and breathing hard, for he kept spurring it,
fell heavily, throwing him on the roadside. He tried to
make it stand up, and failing in this, went on alone
towards the moonlight; and came to the sea and saw a
schooner lying there at anchor. Now that he could go
no farther because of the sea, he found that he was very
tired and the night very cold, and went into a shebeen
close to the shore and threw himself down upon a
Rench. The room was full of Spanish and Irish sailors
who had just smuggled a cargo of wine, and were waiting
a favourable wind to set out again. A Spaniard
offered him a drink in bad Gaelic. He drank it and began
talking wildly and rapidly.
F or some three weeks the wind blew inshore or with
too great violence, and the sailors stayed drinking and
talking and playing cards, and Costello stayed with them,
sleeping upon a bench in the shebeen, and drinking
207
The Secret "%se
and talking and playing more than any. He soon
lost what little money he had, and then his long cloak
and his spurs and even his boots. At last a gentle wind
blew towards Spain, and the crew rowed out to their
schooner, and in a little while the sails had ~ropped
under the horizon. Then Costello turned homeward,
his life gaping before him, and walked all day, coming
in the early evening to the road that went from near
Lough Gabhra to the southern edge of Lough Cay. Here
he overtook a crowd of peasants and farmers, who were
walking very slowly after two priests and a grovp of
well-dressed persons, certain of whom were carrying
a coffin. He stopped an old man and asked whose burying
it was and whose people they were, and the old man
answered, 'It is the burying of Una, MacDermot's
daughter, and we are the MacNamaras and the MacDermots
and their following, and you are T umaus
Costello who murdered her.'
Costello went on towards the head of the procession,
passing men who looked angrily at him, and only
vaguely understood what he had heard. Presently he
stopped and asked again whose burying it was, and a
man answered, 'We are carrying MacDermot's daugh~
ter Una, whom you murdered, to her burying upon
Insula Trinitatis,' and the man picked up a stone and
threw it at Costello, striking him on the cheek and
making the blood flow out over his face. Costello went
on, scarcely feeling the blow, and coming to those about
the coffin, shouldered his way into the midst of them,
and laying his hand upon the coffin, asked in a loud
voice, 'Who is in this coffin?'
208
Proud Costello
The three old MacDermots from the Ox Mountains
caught up stones and told those about them to do the
same; and he was driven from the road, covered with
wounds. '
When the procession had passed on, Costello began
to follow again, and saw from a distance the coffin laid
upon a large boat, and those about it get into other
boats, and the boats move slowly over the water to
Insula Trinitatis; and after a time he saw the boats return
and their passengers mingle with the crowd upon
the bank, and all scatter by many roads and boreens.
It seemed to him that Una was somewhere on the
island smiling gently, and when all had gone he swam
in the way the boats had been rowed and found the
new-made grave beside the ruined Abbey, and threw
himself upon it, calling to Una to come to him.
He lay there all that night and through the day after,
from time to time calling her to come to him, but when
the third night came he had forgotten that her body lay
in the earth beneath, but only knew she was somewhere
near and would not come to him.
Just before dawn, the hour when the peasants hear
his ghostly voice crying out, he called loudly, 'If you
do not come to me, Una, I will go and never return,'
and before his voice had died away a cold and whirling
wind had swept over the island and he saw women of
the Sidhe rushing past; and then Una, but no longer
smiling, for she passed him swiftly and angrily, and as
she passed struck him upon the face, crying, 'Then go
and never return.'
Costello got up from the grave, understanding
The Secret 'R.£.se
nothing but that he had made his sweetheart angry and
that she wished him to go,and wading out into the lake,
began to swim. He swam on, but his limbs seemed too
weary to keep him afloat, and when he had gone a little
way he sank without a struggle.
The next day a fisherman found him among the reeds
upon the lake shore, lying upon the white lake sand,
and carried him to his own house. And the peasants
lamented over him and sang the keen, and laid him in
the Abbey on Insula Trinitatis with only the ruined
altar between him and MacDermot's daughter,' and
planted above them two ash-trees that in after days
wove their branches together and mingled their leaves.
THE END
210
STORIES OF RED HANRAHAN
1897
REWRITTEN IN 1907 WITH LADY GREGORY'S HELP
RED HANRAHAN
HANRAHAN, THE HEDGE SCHOOLMASTER, a tall,
strong, red-haired young man,came into the barn
where some of the men of the village were sitting on
Samhain Eve. It had been a dwelling-house, and when
the man that owned it had built a better one, he had put
the two rooms together, and kept it for a place to store
one thing or another. There was a fire on the old hearth,
and there were dip candles stuck in bottles, and there
was <t black quart bottle upon some boards that had been
put across two barrels to make a table. Most of the men
were sitting beside the fire, and one of them was singing
a long wandering song, about a Munster man and a
Connacht man that were quarrelling about their two
provmces.
Hanrahan went to the man of the house and said, 'I
got your message'; but when he had said that, he
stopped, for an old mountainy man that had a shirt and
trousers of unbleached flannel, and that was sitting by
himself near the door, was looking at him, and moving
an old pack of cards about in his hands and muttering.
'Don't mind him,' said the man of the house; 'he is
only some stranger came in a while ago, and we bade
him welcome, it being Samhain night, but I think he is
not in his right wits. Listen to him now and you will
hear what he is saying.'
They listened then, and they could hear the old man
muttering to himself as he turned the cards, 'Spades and
Diamonds, Courage and Power; Clubs and Hearts,
Knowledge and Pleasure.'
213
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
'That is the kind of talk he has been going on with
for the last hour,' said the man of the house, and Hanrahan
turned his eyes from the old man as if he did not
like to be looking at him. .
'I got your message,' Hanrahan said then. ' "He is in
the barn with his three first cousins from Kilchriest,"
the messenger said, "and there are some of the neighbours
with them." ,
'It is my cousin over there is wanting to see you,'
said the man of the house, and he called over a young
frieze-coated man, who was listening to the song; and
said, 'This is Red Hanrahan you have the message
for.'
'It is a kind message, indeed,' said the young man,
'for it comes from your sweetheart, Mary Lavelle.'
'How would you get a message from her, and what
do you know of her?'
'I don't know her, indeed, but I was in Loughrea
yesterday, and a neighbour of hers that had some dealings
with me was saying that she bade him send you
word, if he met anyone from this side in the market,
that her mother has died from her, and if you have a
mind yet to join with herself, she is willing to keep her
word to you.'
'I will go to her indeed,' said Hanrahan.
'And she bade you make no delay, for if she has not a
man in the house before the month is out, it is likely the
little bit of land will be given to another.'
When Hanrahan heard that, he rose up from the
bench he had sat down on. 'I will make no delay indeed,'
he said; 'there is a full moon, and ifI get as far as
214
~d Hanrahan
Kilchriest to-night, I will reach to her before the setting
of the sun to-morrow.'
When the others heard that, they began to laugh at
him for being in such haste to go to his sweetheart, and
one asked him if he would leave his school in the old
lime-kiln, where he was giving the children such good
learning. But he said the children would be glad enough
in the morning to find the place empty, and no one to
keep them at their task; and as for his school he could
set it up again in any place, having as he had his little
inkpot hanging from his neck by a chain, and his big
Virgil and his primer in the skirt of his coat.
Some of them asked him to drink a glass before he
went, and a young man caught hold of his coat, and
said he must not leave them without singing the song
he had made in praise of Venus and of Mary Lavelle.
He drank a glass of whiskey, but he said he would not
stop but would set out on his journey.
'There's time enough, Red Hanrahan,' said the man
of the house. 'It will be time enough for you to give up
sport when you are after your marriage, and it might be
a long time before we will see you again.'
. '1 will not stop,' said Hanrahan; 'my mind would be
on the roads all the time, bringing me to the woman
that sent for me, and she lonesome and watching till 1
come.'
Some of the others came about him, pressing him
that had been such a pleasant comrade, so full of songs
and every kind of trick and fun, not to leave them till
the night would be over, but he refused them all, and
shook them off, and went to the door. But as he put his
215
Stories of ~d Hanraban
foot over the threshold, the strange old man stood up
and put his hand that was thin and withered like a bird's
claw on Hanrahan's hand, and said: 'It is not Hanrahan,
the learned man and the great songmaker, that should
go out from a gathering like this, on a Samhain night.
And stop here, now,' he said, 'and playa hand with me;
and here is an old pack of cards has done its work many
a night before this, and old as it is, there has been much
of the riches of the world lost and won over it.'
One of the young men said, 'It isn't much of the
riches of the world has stopped with yourself, old man,'
and he looked at the old man's bare feet, and they all
laughed. But Hanrahan did not laugh, but he sat down
very quietly, without a word. Then one of them said,
'So you will stop with us after all, Hanrahan'; and the
old man said, 'He will stop indeed, did you not hear me
asking him?'
They all looked at the old man then as if wondering
where he came from. 'It is far I am come,' he said;
'through France I have come, and through Spain, and
by Lough Greine of the hidden mouth, and none has
refused me anything.' And then he was silent and nobody
liked to question him, and they began to play.
There were six men at the boards playing, and the
others were looking on behind. They played two or
three games for nothing, and then the old man took a
fourpenny bit, worn very thin and smooth, out from
his pocket, and he called to the rest to put something
on the game. Then they all put down something on
the boards, and little as it was it looked much, from
the way it was shoved from one to another, first one
~d Hanrahan
man winning it and then his neighbour. And sometimes
the luck would go against a man and he would have
nothing left, and then one or another would lend him
something, and he would pay it again out of his winnings,
f9r neither good nor bad luck stopped long with
anyone.
And once Hanrahan said as a man would say in a
dream, 'It is time for me to be going the road'; but just
then a good card came to him, and he played it out, and
all the money began to come to him. And once he
thought of Mary Lavelle, and he sighed; and that time
his luck went from him, and he forgot her again.
But at last the luck went to the old man and it stayed
with him, and all they had flowed into him, and he began
to laugh little laughs to himself, and to sing over
and over to himself, 'Spades and Diamonds, Courage
and Power,' and so on, as if it was a verse of a song.
And after a while anyone looking at the men, and
seeing the way their bodies were rocking to and fro,
and the way they kept their eyes on the old man's hands,
would think they had drink taken, or that the whole store
they had in the world was put on the cards; but that was
jJ.ot so, for the quart bottle had not been disturbed since
the game began, and was nearly full yet, and all that was
on the game was a few sixpenny bits and shillings, and
maybe a handful of coppers.
'You are good men to win and good men to lose,'
said the old man; 'you have play in your hearts.' He
began then to shuffle the cards and to mix them, very
quick and fast, till at last they could not see them to be
cards at all, but you would think him to be making rings
217
Stories of ~d Hanraban
of fire in the air, as little lads would make them with
whirling a lighted stick; and after that it seemed to them
that all the room was dark, and they could see nothing
but his hands and the cards.
And all in a minute a hare made a leap out (rom between
his hands, and whether it was one of the cards
that took that shape, or whether it was made out of nothing
in the palms of his hands, nobody knew, but there
it was running on the floor of the barn, as quick as any
hare that ever lived.
Some looked at the hare, but more kept their ey~s on
the old man, and while they were looking at him a
hound made a leap out between his hands, the same way
as the hare did, and after that another hound and another,
till there was a whole pack of them following the
hare round and round the barn.
The players were all standing up now, with their
backs to the boards, shrinking from the hounds, and
nearly deafened with the noise of their yelping, but as
quick as the hounds were they could not overtake the
hare, but it went round, till at the last it seemed as if a
blast of wind burst open the barn door, and the hare
doubled and made a leap over the boards where the
men had been playing, and went out of the door and
away through the night, and the hounds over the
boards and through the door after it.
Then the old man called out, 'Follow the hounds,
follow the hounds, and it is a great hunt you will see
to-night,' and he went out after them. But used as the
men were to go hunting after hares, and ready as they
were for any sport, they were in dread to go out into
2I8
~Hanrahan
the night, and it was only Hanrahan that rose up and
that said, 'I will follow, I will follow on.'
'Y ou had best stop here, Hanrahan,' the young man
that was nearest him said, 'for you might be going into
some great danger.' But Hanrahan said, 'I will see fair
play, I will see fair play,' and he went stumbling out of
the door like a man in a dream, and the door shut after
him as he went.
He thought he saw the old man in front of him, but
it was only his own shadow that the full moon cast on
the road before him, but he could hear the hounds crying
after the hare over the wide green fields of Granagh,
and he followed them very fast, for there was nothing
to stop him; and after a while he came to smaller fields
that had little walls of loose stones around them, and he
threw the stones down as he crossed them, and did not
wait to put them up again; and he passed by the place
where the river goes underground at Ballylee, and he
could hear the hounds going before him up towards the
head of the river. Soon he found it harder to run, for it
was uphill he was going, and clouds came over the
moon, and it was hard for him to see his way, and once
he left the path to take a short-cut, but his foot slipped
into a bog-hole and he had to come back to it. And how
long he was going he did not know, or what way he
went, but at last he was up on the bare mountain, with
nothing but the rough heather about him, and he could
neither hear the hounds nor any other thing. But their
cry began to come to him again, at first far off and then
very near, and when it came quite close to him, it went
up all of a sudden into the air, and there was the sound
219
Stories oj' ,%d Hanraban
of hunting over his head; then it went away northward
till he could hear nothing at all. 'That's not fair,' he
said, 'that's not fair.' And he could walk no longer, but
sat down on the heather where he was, in the heart of
Slieve Echtge, for all the strength had gone from him,
with the dint of the long journey he had made.
And after a while he took notice that there was a
door close to him, and a light coming from it, and he
wondered that being so close to him he had not seen it
before. And he rose up, and tired as he was he went in
at the door, and although it was night-time outside, it
was daylight he found within. And presently he met
with an old man that had been gathering summer
thyme and yellow flag-flowers, and it seemed as if all
the sweet smells of the summer were with them. And
the old man said, 'It is a long time you have been
coming to us, Hanrahan the learned man and the great
songmaker.'
And with that he brought him into a very big shining
house, and every grand thing Hanrahan had ever
heard of, and every colour he had ever seen, was in it.
There was a high place at the end of the house, and on
it there was sitting in a high chair a woman, the most
beautiful the world ever saw, having a long pale face
and flowers about it, but she had the tired look of one
that had been long waiting. And there were sitting on
the step below her chair four grey old women, and the
one of them was holding a great cauldron in her lap;
and another a great stone on her knees, and heavy as
it was it seemed light to her; and another of them had
a very long spear that was made of pointed wood; and
220
~d Hanrahan
the last of them had a sword that was without a scabbard.
Hanrahan stood looking at them for a long time, but
none of them spoke any word to him or looked at him
at all. And he had it in his mind to ask who that woman
in the chair was, that was like a queen, and what she was
waiting for; but ready as he was with his tongue and
afraid of no person, he was in dread now to speak to so
beautiful a woman, and in so grand a place. And then
he thought to ask what were the four things the four
grey old women were holding like great treasures, but
he could not think of the right words to bring out.
Then the first of the old women rose up, holding the
cauldron between her two hands, and she said, 'Pleasure,'
and Hanrahan said no word. Then the second old
woman rose up with the stone in her hands, and she
said, 'Power'; and the third old woman rose up with a
spear in her hand, and she said, 'Courage'; and the last
of the old women rose up having the sword in her
hands, and she said, 'Knowledge.' And everyone, after
she had spoken, waited as if for Hanrahan to question
her, but he said nothing at all. And then the four old
women went out of the door, bringing their four treasures
with them, and as they went out one of them said,
'He has no wish for us'; and another said, 'He is weak,
he is weak'; and another said, 'He is afraid'; and the
last said, 'His wits are gone from him.' And then they
all said, 'Echtge, daughter of the Silver Hand, must
stay in her sleep. It is a pity, it is a great pity.'
And then the woman that was like a queen gave a
very sad sigh, and it seemed to Hanrahan as if the sigh
ZZI
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
had the sound in it of hidden streams; and if the place
he was in had been ten times grander and more shining
than it was, he could not have hindered sleep from
coming on him; and he staggered like a drunken man
and lay down there and then.
When Hanrahan awoke, the sun was shining on his
face, but there was white frost on the grass around him,
and there was ice on the edge of the stream he was
lying by, and that goes running on through Doire-caol
and Drim-na-rod. He knew by the shape of the hills
and by the shining of Lough Greine in the distance that
he was upon one of the hills of Slieve Echtge, but he
was not sure how he came there; for all that had happened
in the barn had gone from him, and all of his
journey but the soreness of his feet and the stiffness in
his bones.
It was a year after that, there were men of the village
of Cappaghtagle sitting by the fire in a house on the
roadside, and Red Hanrahan that was now very thin
and worn, and his hair very long and wild, came to the
half-door and asked leave to come in and rest himself;
and they bid him welcome because it was SamhaiB
night. He sat down with them, and they gave him a
glass of whiskey out of a quart bottle; and they saw the
little inkpot hanging about his neck, and knew he was
a scholar, and asked for stories about the Greeks.
He took the Virgil out of the big pocket of his coat,
but the cover was very black and swollen with the wet,
and the page when he opened it was very yellow, but
that was no great matter, for he looked at it like a man
222
~d Hanraban
that had never learned to read. Some young man that
was there began to laugh at him then, and to ask why
did he carry so heavy a book with him when he was
not able to read it.
It vexed Hanrahan to hear that, and he put the Virgil
back in his pocket and asked if they had a pack of cards
among them, for cards were better than books. When
they brought out the cards he took them and began to
shuffle them, and while he was shuffling them something
seemed to come into his mind, and he put his
hand to his face like one that is trying to remember,
and he said, 'Was I ever here before, or where was I on
a night like this?' and then of a sudden he stood up and
let the cards fall to the floor, and he said, 'Who was it
brought me a message from Mary Lavelle?'
'We never saw you before now, and we never heard
of Mary Lavelle,' said the man of the house. 'And
who is she,' he said, 'and what is it you are talking
about?'
'It was this night a year ago, I was in a barn, and
there were men playing cards, and there was money on
the table, they were pushing it from one to another here
and there--and I got a message, and I was going out
of the door to look for my sweetheart that wanted me,
Mary Lavelle.' And then Hanrahan called out very
loud, 'Where have I been since then? Where was I for
the whole year?'
'It is hard to say where you might have been in that
time,' said the oldest of the men, 'or what part of the
world you may have travelled; and it is like enough
you have the dust of many roads on your feet; for there
223
Stories of'1V..,d Hanrahan
are many go wandering and forgetting like that,' he
said, 'when once they have been given the touch.'
'That is true,' said another of the men. 'I knew a
woman went wandering like that through the length of
seven years; she came back after, and she told her
friends she had often been glad enough to eat the food
that was put in the pig's trough. And it is best for you
to go to the priest now,' he said, 'and let him take off
you whatever may have been put upon you.'
'It is to my sweetheart I will go, to Mary Lavelle,'
said Hanrahan; 'it is too long I have delayed, how -do I
know what might have happened her in the length of
a year?'
He was going out of the door then, but they all told
him it was best for him to stop the night, and to get
strength for the journey; and indeed he wanted that,
for he was very weak, and when they gave him food he
ate it like a man that had never seen food before, and
one of them said, 'He is eating as if he had trodden on
the hungry grass.' It was in the white light of the
morning he set out, and the time seemed long to him
till he could get to Mary Lavelle's house. But when he
came to it, he found the door broken, and the thatch
dropping from the roof, and no living person to be
seen. And when he asked the neighbours what had
happened her, all they could say was that she had been
put out of the house, and had married some labouring
man, and they had gone looking for work to London
or Liverpool or some big place. And whether she found
a worse place or a better he never knew, but anyway
he never met with her or with news of her again.
224
The Twisting of the Rope
THE TWISTING OF THE ROPE
HANRAHAN was walking the roads one time near Kinvara
at the fall of day, and he heard the sound of a fiddle
from a house a little way off the roadside. He turned up
the path to it, for he never had the habit of passing by
any place where there was music or dancing or good
company, without going in. The man of the house was
standing at the door, and when Hanrahan came near he
knew him and he said, 'A welcome before you, Hanrahan,
you have been lost to us this long time.' But the
woman of the house came to the door and she said to
her husband, 'I would be as well pleased for Hanrahan
not to come in to-night, for he has no good name now
among the priests, or with women that mind themselves,
and I wouldn't wonder from his walk if he has
a drop of drink taken.' But the man said, 'I will never
turn away Hanrahan of the poets from my door,' and
with that he bade him enter.
There were a good many neighbours gathered in the
house, and some of them remembered Hanrahan; but
some of the little lads that were in the corners had only
heard of him, and they stood up to have a view of him,
and one of them said, 'Is not that Hanrahan that had
the school, and that was brought away by Them?' But
his mother put her hand over his mouth and bade him
be quiet, and not be saying things like that. 'For
Hanrahan is apt to grow wicked,' she said, 'if he hears
talk of that story, or if anyone goes questioning him.'
One or another called out then, asking him for a song,
225
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
but the man of the house said it was no time to ask him
for a song, before he had rested himself; and he gave
him whiskey in a glass, and Hanrahan thanked him and
wished him good health and drank it off.
The fiddler was tuning his fiddle for another dance,
and the man of the house said to the young men, they
would all know what dancing was like when they saw
Hanrahan dance, for the like of it had never been seen
since he was there before. Hanrahan said he would not
dance, he had better use for his feet now, travelling as
he was through the four provinces of Ireland. J w.;t as
he said that, there came in at the half-door Oona, the
daughter of the house, having a few bits of bog-deal
from Connemara in her arms for the fire. She threw
them on the hearth, and the flame rose up and showed
her to be very comely and smiling, and two or three of
the young men rose up and asked for a dance. But Hanrahan
crossed the floor and brushed the others away,
and said it was with him she must dance, after the long
road he had travelled before he came to her. And it is
likely he said some soft word in her ear, for she said
nothing against it, and stood out with him, and there
were little blushes in her cheeks. Then other couples
stood up, but when the dance was going to begin, Hanrahan
chanced to look down, and he took notice of his
boots that were worn and broken, and the ragged grey
socks showing through them; and he said angrily it
was a bad floor, and the music no great thing, and he
sat down in the dark place beside the hearth. But if he
did, the girl sat down there with him.
The dancing went on, and when that dance was over
226
The Twisting of the Rope
another was called for, and no one took much notice of
Oona and Red Hanrahan for a while, in the corner
where they were. But the mother grew to be uneasy,
and she called to Oona to come and help her to set the
table in' the inner room. But Oona that had never refused
her before said she would come soon, but not
yet, for she was listening to whatever he was saying in
her ear. The mother grew yet more uneasy then, and
she would come nearer them, and let on to be stirring
the fire or sweeping the hearth, and she would listen
for ~ minute to hear what the poet was saying to her
child. And one time she heard him telling about whitehanded
Deirdre, and how she brought the sons of
Usna to their death; and how the blush in her cheeks
was not so red as the blood of kings' sons that was shed
for her, and her sorrows had never gone out of mind;
and he said it was maybe the memory of her that made
the cry of the plover on the bog as sorrowful in the ear
of the poets as the keening of young men for a comrade.
And there would never have been that memory of her,
he said, if it was not for the poets that had put her
beauty in their songs. And the next time she did not
well understand what he was saying, but as far as she
could hear, it had the sound of poetry though it was
not rhymed, and this is what she heard him say: 'The
sun and the moon are the man and the girl, they are my
life and your life, they are travelling and ever travelling
through the skies as if under the one hood. It was God
made them for one another. He made your life and my
life before the beginning of the world, He made them
that they might go through the world, up and down,
227
Stories of 7V..d Hanrahan
like the two best dancers that go on with the dance up
and down the long floor of the barn, fresh and laughing,
when all the rest are tired out and leaning against the
wall.'
The old woman went then to where her husband was
playing cards, but he would take no notice of her, and
then she went to a woman of the neighbours and said,
'Is there no way we can get them from one another?'
and without waiting for an answer she said to some
young men that were talking together, 'What good are
you when you cannot make the best girl in the house
come out and dance with you? And go now the whole
of you,' she said, 'and see can you bring her away from
the poet's talk.' But Oona would not listen to any of
them, but only moved her hand as if to send them away.
Then they called to Hanrahan and said he had best
dance with the girl himself, or let her dance with one of
them. When Hanrahan heard what they were saying he
said, 'That is so, I will dance with her; there is no man
in the house must dance with her but myself.'
He stood up with her then, and led her out by the
hand, and some of the young men were vexed, and some
began mocking at his ragged coat and his broken boots.
But he took no notice, and Oona took no notice, but
they looked at one another as if all the world belonged
to themselves alone. But another couple that had been
sitting together like lovers stood out on the floor at the
same time, holding one another's hands and moving
their feet to keep time with the music. But Hanrahan
turned his back on them as if angry, and in place of
dancing he began to sing, and as he sang he held her
228
The Twisting of the Rope
hand, and his voice grew louder, and the mocking of
the young men stopped, and the fiddle stopped, and
there was nothing heard but his voice that had in it the
sound of the wind. And what he sang was a song he had
heard or had made one time in his wanderings on Slieve
Echtge, and the words of it as they can be put into
English were like this:-
o Death's old bony finger
Will never find us there
In the high hollow townland
Where love's to give and to spare;
Where boughs have fruit and blossom
At all times of the year;
Where rivers are running over
With red beer and brown beer.
An old man plays the bagpipes
In a golden and silver wood;
Queens, their eyes blue like the ice,
Are dancing in a crowd.
And while he was singing it Oona moved nearer to
him, and the colour had gone from her cheek, and her
eyes were not blue now, but grey with the tears that
were in them, and anyone that saw her would have
~hought she was ready to follow him there and then
from the west to the east of the world.
But one of the young men called out, 'Where is that
country he is singing about? Mind yourself, Oona, it is
a long way off, you might be a long time on the road
before you would reach to it.' And another said, 'It is
not to the Country of the Young you will be going if
you go with him, but to Mayo of the bogs.' Oona
looked at him then as if she would question him, but he
Stories oj ~d Hanrahan
raised her hand in his hand, and called out between singing
and shouting, 'It is very near us that country is, it
is on every side; it may be on the bare hill behind it is,
or it may be in the heart of the wood.' And he said out
very loud and clear, 'In the heart of the wood; 0, Death
will never find us in the heart of the wood. And will you
come with me there, Oona?' he said.
But while he was saying this the two old women had
gone outside the door, and Oona's mother was crying,
and she said, 'He has put an enchantment on Oona.
Can we not get the men to put him out of the house?'
'That is a thing you cannot do,' said the other
woman, 'for he is a poet of the Gael, and you know well
if you would put a poet of the Gael out of the house, he
would put a curse on you that would wither the corn in
the fields and dry up the milk of the cows, if it had to
hang in the air seven years.'
'God help us,' said the mother, 'and why did I ever
let him into the house at all, and the wild name he has l'
'It would have been no harm at all to have kept him
outside, but there would great harm come upon you if
you put him out by force. But listen to the plan I have
to get him out of the house by his own doing, without
anyone putting him from it at all.'
It was not long after that the two women came in
again, each of them having a bundle of hay in her apron.
Hanrahan was not singing now, but he was talking to
Oona very fast and soft, and he was saying, 'The house
is narrow, but the world is wide, and there is no true
lover that need be afraid of night or morning or sun or
stars or shadows of evening, or any earthly thing.'
230
The Twisting of the Rope
'Hanrahan,' said the mother then, striking him on the
shoulder, 'will you give me a hand here for a minute?'
'Do that, Hanrahan,' said the woman of the neighbours,
'and help us to make this hay into a rope, for you are
ready w.ith your hands, and a blast of wind has loosened
the thatch on the haystack.'
'I will do that for you,' said he, and he took the little
stick in his hands, and the mother began giving out the
hay, and he twisting it, but he was hurrying to have
done with it, and to be free again. The women went on
talking and giving out the hay, and encouraging him,
and saying what a good twister of a rope he was, better
than their own neighbours or than anyone they had
ever seen. And Hanrahan saw that Oona was watching
him, and he began to twist very quick and with his head
high, and to boast of the readiness of his hands, and the
learning he had in his head, and the strength in his arms.
And as he was boasting, he went backward, twisting
the rope always till he came to the door that was open
behind him, and without thinking he passed the threshold
and was out on the road. And no sooner was he
there than the mother made a sudden rush, and threw
out the rope after him, and she shut the door and the
half-door and put a bolt upon them.
She was well pleased when she had done that,
and laughed out loud, and the neighbours laughed and
praised her. But they heard him beating at the door, and
saying words of cursing outside it, and the mother had
but time to stop Oona that had her hand upon the bolt
to open it. She made a sign to the fiddler then, and he
began a reel, and one of the young men asked no leave
231
Stories of cR.!i Hanrahan
but caught hold of Oona and brought her into the thick
of the dance. And when it was over and the fiddle had
stopped, there was no sound at all of anything outside,
but the road was as quiet as before.
As to Hanrahan, when he knew he was shut out and
that there was neither shelter nor drink nor a girl's ear
for him that night, the anger and the courage went out
of him, and he went on to where the waves were beating
on the strand.
He sat down on a big stone, and he began swinging
his right arm and singing slowly to himself, the way he
did always to hearten himself when every other thing
failed him. And whether it was that time or another
time he made the song that is called to this day 'The
Twisting of the Rope', and that begins, 'What was the
dead cat that put me in this place,' is not known.
But after he had been singing a while, mist and shadows
seemed to gather about him, sometimes coming
out of the sea, and sometimes moving upon it. It seemed
to him that one of the shadows was the queen-woman
he had seen in her sleep at Slieve Echtge; not in her
sleep now, but mocking, and calling out to them that
were behind her, 'He was weak, he was weak, he had no
courage.' And he felt the strands of the rope in his hand
yet, and went on twisting it, but it seemed to him as he
twisted that it had all the sorrows of the world in it.
And then it seemed to him as if the rope had changed in
his dream into a great water-worm that came out of the
sea, and that twisted itself about him, and held him
closer and closer. And then he got free of it, and went
on, shaking and unsteady, along the edge of the strand,
232
The Twisting of the Rope
and the grey shapes were flying here and there around
him. And this is what they were saying: 'It is a pity for
him that refuses the call of the daughters of the Sidhe,
for he will·find no comfort in the love of the women of
the earth to the end of life and time, and the cold of the
grave is in his heart for ever. It is death he has chosen;
let him die, let him die, let him die.'
233
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
HANRAHAN AND CATHLEEN, THE DAUGHTER
OF HOULIHAN
IT was travelling northward Hanrahan was one time,
giving a hand to a farmer now and again in the ·hurried
time of the year, and telling his stories and making his
share of songs at wakes and at weddings.
He chanced one day to overtake on the road to
Colooney one Margaret Rooney, a woman he used to
know in Munster when he was a young man. She had
no good name at that time, and it was the priest routed
her out of the place at last. He knew her by her walk
and by the colour of her eyes, and by a way she had of
putting back the hair off her face with her left hand.
She had been wandering about, she said, selling herrings
and the like, and now she was going back to Sligo, to
the place in the Burrough where she was living with
another woman, Mary Gillis, who had much the same
story as herself. She would be well pleased, she said, if
he would come and stop in the house with them, and
be singing his songs to the bocachs and blind men and
fiddlers of the Burrough. She remembered him well,
she said, and had a wish for him; and as to Mary Gillis;
she had some of his songs offby heart, so he need not be
afraid of not getting good treatment, and all the bocachs
and poor men that heard him would give him a share
of their own earnings for his stories and his songs while
he was with them, and would carry his name into all
the parishes of Ireland.
He was glad enough to go with her, and to find a
woman to be listening to the stury of his troubles and
234
Hanrahan and Cathleen
to be comforting him. It was at the moment of the fall
of day when every man may pass as handsome and
every woman as comely. She put her arm about him
when he tGld her of the misfortune of the Twisting of
the Rope, and in the half-light she looked as well as
another.
They kept in talk all the way to the Burrough, and
as for Mary Gillis, when she saw him and heard who he
was, she went near crying to think ofhaving a man with
so great a name in the house.
Hanrahan was well pleased to settle down with them
for a while, for he was tired with wandering; and since
the day he found the little cabin fallen in, and Mary
Lavelle gone from it, and the thatch scattered, he had
never asked to have any place of his own; and he had
never stopped long enough in any place to see the green
leaves come where he had seen the old leaves wither, or
to see the wheat harvested where he had seen it sown.
It was a good change to him to have shelter from the
wet, and a fire in the evening-time, and his share of
food put on the table without the asking.
He made a good many of his songs while he was
Uving there, so well cared for and so quiet. The most
of them were love songs, but some were songs of repentance,
and some were songs about Ireland and her
griefs, under one name or another.
E very evening the bocachs and beggars and blind
men and fiddlers would gather into the house and listen
to his songs and his poems, and his stories about the
old time of the Fianna, and they kept them in their
memories that were never spoiled with books; and so
235
Stories oj (Rt.i Hanrahan
they brought his name to every wake and wedding and
pattern in the whole of Connacht. He was never so
well off or made so much of as he was at that time.
One evening of December he was singing a little
song that he said he had heard from the green plover
of the mountain, about the fair-haired boys that had
left Limerick, and that were wandering and going
astray in all parts of the world. There were a good many
people in the room that night, and two or three little
lads that had crept in, and sat on the floor near the fire,
and were too busy with the roasting of a potato iE. the
ashes or some such thing to take much notice of him;
but they remembered long afterwards, when his name
ha~ gone up, the sound of his voice, and what way he
had moved his hand, and the look of him as he sat on
the edge of the bed, with his shadow falling on the
whitewashed wall behind him, and as he moved going
up as high as the thatch.
Of a sudden his singing stopped, and his eyes grew
misty as if he was looking at some far thing.
Mary Gillis was pouring whiskey into a mug that
stood on a table beside him, and she left off pouring and
said, 'Is it of leaving us you are thinking?'
Margaret Rooney heard what she said, and did not
know why she said it, and she took the words too much
in earnest and came over to him, and there was dread
in her heart that she was going to lose so good a comrade,
and a man that was thought so much of, and that
brought so many to her house.
'You would not go away from us, my heart?' she
said, catching him by the hand.
236
Hanrahan and Cathleen
'It is not of that I am thinking,' he said, 'but of
Ireland and the weight of grief that is on her.' And he
leaned his head against his hand, and began to sing
these words, and the sound of his voice was like the
wind in.a lonely place.
The old brown thorn-trees break in two high over Cummen
Strand,
Under a bitter black wind that blows from the left hand;
Our courage breaks like an old tree in a black wind and dies,
But we have hidden in our hearts the flame out of the eyes
Of Cathleen, the daughter of Houlihan.
The wind has bundled up the clouds high over Knocknarea,
And thrown the thunder on the stones for all that Maeve can
say.
Angers that are like noisy clouds have set our hearts abeat;
But we have all bent low and low and kissed the quiet feet
Of Cathleen, the daughter of Houlihan.
The yellow pool has overflowed high up on Clooth-na-Bare,
For the wet winds are blowing out of the clinging air;
Like heavy flooded waters our bodies and our blood;
But purer than a tall candle before the Holy Rood
Is Cathleen, the daughter of Houlihan.
While he was singing, his voice began to break, and
tears came rolling down his cheeks, and Margaret
Rooney put down her face into her hands and began to
cry along with him. Then a blind beggar by the fire
shook his rags with a sob, and after that there was no
one of them all but cried tears down.
237
Stories of ,%d Hanrahan
RED HANRAHAN'S CURSE
ONE fine May morning a long time after Hahrahan had
left Margaret Rooney's house, he was walking the road
near Colooney, and the sound of the birds singing in
the bushes that were white with blossom set him singing
as he went. It was to his own little place he was
going, that was no more than a cabin, but that pleased
him well. For he was tired of so many years of wandering
from shelter to shelter at all times of the year; and
although he was seldom refused a welcome and a share
of what was in the house, it seemed to him sometimes
that his mind was getting stiff like his joints, and it was
not so easy to him as it used to be to make fun and
sport through the night, and to set all the boys laughing
with his pleasant talk, and to coax the women with his
songs. And a while ago, he had turned into a cabin that
some poor man had left to go harvesting and had never
come to again. And when he had mended the thatch
and made a bed in the corner with a few sacks and
rushes, and had swept out the floor, he was well content
to have a little place for himself, where he could go in
and out as he liked, and put his head in his hands
through the length of an evening if the fret was on him,
and loneliness after the old times. One by one the
neighbours began to send their children in to get some
learning from him, and with what they brought, a few
eggs, or an oaten cake or a couple of sods of turf, he
made out a way ofliving. And if he went for a wild day
and night now and again to the Burrough, no one would
~d Hanrahan} s Curse
say a word, knowing him to be a poet, with wandering
in his heart.
It was from the Burrough he was coming that May
morning, light-hearted enough, and singing some new
song that had come to him. But it was not long till a
hare ran across his path, and made away into the fields,
through the loose stones of the wall. And he knew it
was no good sign a hare to have crossed his path, and
he remembered the hare that had led him away to Slieve
Echtge the time Mary Lavelle was waiting for him, and
how-he had never known content for any length of time
since then. 'And it is likely enough they are putting
some bad thing before me now,' he said.
And after he said that, he heard the sound of crying
in the field beside him, and he looked over the wall.
And there he saw a young girl sitting under a bush of
white hawthorn, and crying as if her heart would break.
Her face was hidden in her hands, but her soft hair and
her white neck and the young look of her put him in
mind of Bridget Purcell and Margaret Gillane and
Maeve Connelan and Oona Curry and Celia Driscoll,
and the rest of the girls he had made songs for and had
c.oaxed the heart from with his flattering tongue.
She looked up, and he saw her to be a girl of the
neighbours, a farmer's daughter. 'What is on you,
Nora?' he said. 'Nothing you could take from me, Red
Hanrahan.' 'If there is any sorrow on you it is I myself
should be well able to serve you,' he said then, 'for it is
I know the history of the Greeks, and I know well what
sorrow is and parting, and the hardship of the world.
And if I am not able to save you from trouble,' he said,
239
Stories oj ~d Hanrahan
'there is many a one I have saved from it with the power
that is in my songs, as it was in the songs of the poets
that were before me from the beginning of the world.
And it is with the rest of the poets I myself will be
sitting and talking in some far place beyond the world,
to the end of life and time,' he said. The girl stopped
her crying, and she said, 'Owen Hanrahan, I often
heard you have had sorrow and persecution, and that
you know all the troubles of the world since the time
you refused your love to the queen-woman in Slieve
Echtge; and that she never left you in quiet since: But
when it is people of this earth that have harmed you, it
is yourself knows well the way to put harm on them
again. And will you do now what I ask you, Owen
Hanrahan?' she said. 'I will do that indeed,' said he.
'It is my father and my mother and my brothers,'
she said, 'that are marrying me to old Paddy Doe, because
he has a farm of a hundred acres under the mountain.
And it is what you can do, Hanrahan,' she said,
'put him into a rhyme the same way you put old Peter
Kilmartin in one the time you were young, that sorrow
may be over him rising up and lying down, that will
put him thinking of Colooney churchyard and not of
marriage. And let you make no delay about it, for it is
for to-morrow they have the marriage settled, and I
would sooner see the sun rise on the day of my death
than on that day.'
'I will put him into a song that will bring shame and
sorrow over him; but tell me how many years has he,
for I would put them in the song?'
'0, he has years upon years. He is as old as you
,%d Hanrahan's Curse
yourself, Red Hanrahan.' 'As old as myself,' said Hanrahan,
and his voice was as if broken; 'as old as myself;
there are twenty years and more between us! It is a bad
day indeed 'for Owen Hanrahan when a young girl with
the blossom of May in her cheeks thinks him to be an
old man. And my griefJ' he said, 'you have put a thorn
in my heart.'
He turned from her then and went down the road
till he came to a stone, and he sat down on it, for it
seemed as if all the weight of the years had come on
him in the minute. And he remembered it was not many
days ago that a woman in some house had said, 'It is
not Red Hanrahan you are now but Yellow Hanrahan,
for your hair is turned to the colour of a wisp oftow.'
And another woman he had asked for a drink had not
given him new milk but sour; and sometimes the girls
would be whispering and laughing with young ignorant
men while he himself was in the middle of giving
out his poems or his talk. And he thought of the stiffness
of his joints when he first rose of a morning, and
the pain of his knees after making a journey, and it
seemed to him as if he was come to be a very old man,
with cold in the shoulders and speckled shins and his
wind breaking and he himself withering away. And
with those thoughts there came on him a great anger
against old age and all it brought with it. And just then
he looked up and saw a great spotted eagle sailing
slowly towards Ballyga-wley, and he cried out, 'You,
too, eagle of Ballygawley, are old, and your wings are
full of gaps, and I will put you and your ancient comrades,
the Pike of Dargan Lake and the Yew of the
2·41
Stories oj ,%d Hanrahan
Steep Place of the Strangers into my rhyme, that there
may be a curse on you for ever.'
There was a bush beside him to the left, flowering
like the rest, and a little gust of wind blew the white
blossoms over his coat. 'May blossoms,' he said; gathering
them up in the hollow of his hand, 'you never know
age because you die away in your beauty, and I will
put you into my rhyme and give you my blessing.'
He rose up then and plucked a little branch from the
bush, and carried it in his hand. But it is old and broken
he looked going home that day with the stoop in his
shoulders and the darkness in his face.
When he got to his cabin there was no one there, and
he went and lay down on the bed for a while as he was
used to do when he wanted to make a poem or a praise
or a curse. And it was not long he was in making it this
time, for the power of the curse-making bards was
upon him. And when he had made it he searched his
mind how he could send it out over the whole countryside.
Some of the scholars began coming in then, to see if
there would be any school that day, and Hanrahan rose
up and sat on the bench by the hearth, and they ali
stood around him.
They thought he would bring out the Virgil or the
Mass-book or the primer, but instead of that he held up
the little branch of hawthorn he had in his hand yet.
'Children,' he said, 'this is a new lesson I have for you
to-day.
'You yourselves and the beautiful people of the
world are like this blossom, and old age is the wind that
~d Hanrahan's Curse
comes and blows the blossom away. And J have made
a curse upon old age and upon the old men, and listen
now while I give it out to you.' And this is what he
said:-
The poet~ Owen Hanrahan, under a bush of may,
Calls down a curse on his own head because it withers grey;
Then on the speckled eagle-cock of Ballygawley Hill
Because it is the oldest thing that knows of cark and ill;
And on the yew that has been green from the times out of mind
By the Steep Place of the Strangers and the Gap of the Wind;
And on the great grey pike that broods in Castle Dargan Lake,
Havihg in his long body a many a hook and ache;
Then curses he old Paddy Bruen of the Well of Bride
Because no hair is on his head and drowsiness inside.
Then Paddy's neighbour, Peter Hart, and Michael Gill, his
friend,
Because their wandering histories are never at an end.
And then old Shemus Cullinan, shepherd of the Green Lands,
Because he holds two crutches between his crooked hands;
Then calls a curse from the dark North upon old Paddy Doe,
Who plans to lay his withering head upon a breast of snow,
Who plans to wreck a singing voice and break a merry heart;
He bids a curse hang over him till breath and body part,
But he calls down a blessing on the blossom of the may
B.e cause it comes in beauty, and in beauty blows away .
He said it over to the children verse by verse till all
of them could say a part of it, and some that were the
quickest could say the whole of it.
'That will do for to-day,' he said then. 'And what
you have to do now is to go out and sing that song for
a while, to the tune of "The Green Bunch of Rushes,"
to every one you meet, and to the old men themselves.'
'I will do that,' said one of the little lads; 'I know old
243
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
Paddy Doe well. Last Saint John's Eve we dropped a
mouse down his chimney, but this is better than a
mouse.'
'I will go into the town of Sligo and sing it in the
street,' said another of the boys. 'Do that,' s~d Hanrahan,
'and go into the Burrough and tell it to Margaret
Rooney and Mary Gillis, and bid them sing it, and to
make the beggars and the bocachs sing it wherever they
go.' The children ran out then, full of pride and of mischief,
calling out the song as they ran, and Hanrahan
knew there was no danger it would not be heard.,
He was sitting outside the door the next morning,
looking at his scholars as they came by in twos and
threes. They were nearly all come, and he was considering
the place of the sun in the heavens to know
whether it was time to begin, when he heard a sound
that was like the buzzing of a swarm of bees in the air,
or the rushing of a hidden river in time of flood. Then
he saw a crowd coming up to the cabin from the road,
and he took notice that all the crowd was made up of
old men, and that the leaders of it were Paddy Bruen,
Michael Gill and Paddy Doe, and there was not one in
the crowd but had in his hand an ash stick or a blackthorn.
As soon as they caught sight of him, the sticks
began to wave hither and thither like branches in a
storm, and the old feet to run.
He waited no longer, but made off up the hill behind
the cabin till he was out of their sight.
After a while he came back round the hill, where he
was hidden by the furze growing along a ditch. And
when he came in sight of his cabin he saw that all the
~d Hanrahan's Curse
old men had gathered around it, and one of them was
just at that time thrusting a rake with a wisp of lighted
straw on it into the thatch.
'My grief!' he said. 'I have set Old Age and Time and
Weariness and Sickness against me, and I must go
wandering again. And, 0 Blessed Queen of Heaven,'
he said, 'protect me from the Eagle of Ballygawley, the
Yew Tree of the Steep Place of the Strangers, the Pike
of Castle Dargan Lake, and from the lighted wisps of
their kindred, the Old Men!'
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
HANRAHAN'S VISION
IT was in the month of June Hanrahan was.on the road
near Sligo, but he did not go into the town, but turned
towards Ben Bulben; for there were thoughts of the old
times coming upon him, and he had no mind to meet
with common men. And as he walked he was singing
to himself a song that had come to him one time in his
dreams:- o Death's old bony finger
Will never find us there
In the high hollow town land
Where love's to give and to spare;
Where boughs have fruit and blossom
At all times of the year;
Where rivers are running over
With red beer and brown beer.
An old man plays the bagpipes
In a golden and silver wood;
Queens, their eyes blue like the ice,
Are dancing in a crowd.
The little fox he murmured,
'0 what of the world's bane?'
The sun was laughing sweetly,
The moon plucked at my rein;
But the little red fox murmured,
'0 do not pluck at his rein,
He is riding to the townland
That is the world's bane.'
When their hearts are so high
That they would come to blows,
They unhook their heavy swords
From golden and silver boughs;
HanrahanJs Vision
But all that are killed in battle
Awaken to life again.
It is lucky that their story
!s not known among men,
For 0 the strong farmers
That would let the spade lie,
Their hearts would be like a cup
That somebody had drunk dry.
Michael will unhook his trumpet
From a bough overhead,
And blow a little noise
When the supper has been spread.
Gabriel will come from the water
With a fish-tail, and talk
Of wonders that have happened
On wet roads where men walk,
And lift up an old horn
Of hammered silver, and drink
Till he has fallen asleep
Upon the starry brink.
Hanrahan had begun to climb the mountain then,
and he gave over singing, for it was a long climb for
him, and every now and again he had to sit down and
t? rest for a while. And one time he was resting he took
notice of a wild brier bush, with blossoms on it, that
was growing beside a rath, and it brought to mind the
wild roses he used to bring to Mary Lavelle, and to no
woman after her. And he tore off a little branch of the
bush, that had buds on it and open blossoms, and he
went on with his song:-
The little fox he murmured,
'0 what of the world's bane?'
247
Stories of ,%d Hanrahan
The sun was laughing sweetly,
The moon plucked at my rein;
But the little red fox murmured,
'0 do not pluck at his rein,
He is riding to the townland
That is the world's bane.'
And he went on climbing the hill, and left the rath,
and there came to his mind some of the old poems that
told of lovers, good and bad, and of some that were
awakened from the sleep of the grave itself by the
strength of one another's love, and brought away- to a
life in some shadowy place, where they are waiting for
the Judgment and banished from the face of God.
And at last, at the fall of day, he came to the Steep
Place of the Strangers, and there he laid himself down
along a ridge of rocks and looked into the valley, that
was full of grey mist spreading from mountain to
mountain.
And it seemed to him as he looked that the mist
changed to shapes of shadowy men and women, and
his heart began to beat with the fear and the joy of the
sight. And his hands, that were always restless, began
to pluck off the leaves of the roses on the little branch,
and he watched them as they went floating down into
the valley in a little fluttering troop.
Suddenly he heard a faint music, a music that had
more laughter in it and more crying than all the music
of this world. And his heart rose when he heard that,
and he began to laugh out loud, for he knew that music
was made by some who had a beauty and a greatness
beyond the people of this world. And it seemed to him
Hanrahan's Vision
that the little soft rose-leaves as they went fh .. ttering
down into the valley began to change their shape till
they looked like a troop of men and women far off in
the mist, with the colour of the roses on them. And
then that colour changed to many colours, and what
he saw was a long line of tall beautiful young men, and
of queen-women, that were not going from him but
coming towards him and past him, and their faces were
full of tenderness for all their proud looks, and were
very pale and worn, as if they were seeking and ever
seeking for high sorrowful things. And shadowy arms
were stretched out of the mist as if to take hold of them,
but could not touch them, for the quiet that was about
them could not be broken. And before them and beyond
them, but at a distance as if in reverence, there
were other shapes, sinking and rising and coming and
going, and Hanrahan knew them by their whirling
flight to be the Sidhe, the ancient defeated gods; and
the shadowy arms did not rise to take hold of the Sidhe,
who are of those that can neither sin nor obey. And
they all lessened then in the distance, and they seemed
to be going towards the white door that is in the side
~f the mountain.
The mist spread out before him now like a deserted
sea washing the mountains with long grey waves, but
while he was looking at it, it began to fill again with a
flowing broken witless life that was a part of itself, and
arms and pale heads covered with tossing hair appeared
in the greyness. It rose higher and higher till it was
level with the edge of the steep rock, and then the
shapes seemed all but solid, and that new procession
249
Stories of'R.yl Hanrahan
half lost in mist passed very slowly with uneven steps,
and in the midst of each shadow there was something
shining in the starlight. They came nearer and nearer,
and Hanrahan saw that they also were lovers, and that
they had heart-shaped mirrors instead of hearts, and
they were looking and ever looking on their own faces
in one another's mirrors. They passed on, sinking
downward as they passed, and other shapes rose in
their place, and these did not keep side by side, but
followed after one another, holding out wild beckoning
arms, and he saw that those who were followed were
women, and as to their heads they were beyond all
beauty, but as to their bodies they were but shadows
without life, and their long hair was moving and trembling
about them, as if it lived with some terrible life
of its own. And then the mist rose of a sudden and hid
them, and then a light gust of wind blew them away
towards the north-east, and covered Hanrahan at the
same time with a white wing of cloud.
He stood up trembling and was going to turn away
from the valley, when he saw two dark and half-hidden
forms standing as if in the air just beyond the rock, and
one of them that had the sorrowful eyes of a beggar
said to him in a woman's voice, 'Speak to me, for no
one in this world or any other world has spoken to me
for seven hundred years.'
'Tell me who are those that have passed by,' said
Hanrahan.
'Those that passed first,' the woman said, 'are the
lovers that had the greatest name in the old times,
Blanaid and Deirdre and Grania and their dear comHanrahan}
s Vision
rades, and a great many that are not so well known but
are as well loved. And because it was not only the blossom
of youth they were looking for in one another, but
the beauty that is as lasting as the night and the stars;
the night and the stars hold them for ever from the
warring and the perishing, in spite of the death and
bitterness their love brought into the world. And those
that came next,' she said, 'and that still breathe the
sweet air and have the mirrors in their hearts, are not
put in songs by the poets, because they sought only to
triumph one over the other, and SO to prove their
strength and beauty, and out of this they made a kind
of love. And as to the women with shadow-bodies,
they desired neither to triumph nor to love but only to
be loved, and there is no blood in their hearts or in
their bodies until it flows through them from a kiss, and
their life is but for a moment. All these are unhappy,
but I am the unhappiest of all, for I am Dervorgilla, and
this is Diarmuid, and itwas our sin brought the Norman
into Ireland. And the curses of all the generations are
upon us, and none are punished as we are punished. It
was but the blossom of the man and of the woman we
IQved in one another, and so when we died there was
no lasting unbreakable quiet about us, and the bitterness
of the battles we brought into Ireland turned to
our own punishment. We go wandering together for
ever, but Diarmuid that was my lover sees me always as
a body that has been a long time in the ground, and I
know that is the way he sees me. Ask me more, ask me
more, for all the years have left their wisdom in my heart,
and no one has listened to me for seven hundred years.'
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
A great terror had fallen upon Hanrahan, and lifting
his arms above his head he screamed out loud three
times, and the cattle in the valley lifted their heads and
lowed, and the birds in the wood at the edge of the
mountain awaked out of their sleep and ·fluttered
through the trembling leaves. But a little below the
edge of the rock, the troop of rose-leaves still fluttered
in the air, for the gateway of Eternity had opened and
shut again in one beat of the heart.
The Cf)eath of Hanrahan
THE DEATH OF HANRAHAN
HANRAHAN, that was never long in one place, was back
again among the villages that are at the foot of Slieve
Echtge, Illeton and Scalp and Ballylee, stopping sometimes
in one house and sometimes in another, and finding
a welcome in every place for the sake of the old
times and of his poetry and his learning. There was
some silver and some copper money in the little leather
bag"l..mder his coat, but it was seldom he needed to take
anything from it, for it was little he used, and there was
not one of the people that would have taken payment
from him. His hand had grown heavy on the blackthorn
he leaned on, and his cheeks were hollow and
worn, but so far as food went, potatoes and milk and a
bit of oaten cake, he had what he wanted of it; and it is
not on the edge of so wild and boggy a place as Echtge
a mug of spirits would be wanting, with the taste of the
turf-smoke on it. He would wander about the big wood
at Kinadife, or he would sit through many hours of the
day among the rushes about Lake Belshragh, listening
t.>o the streams from the hills, or watching the shadows
in the brown bog pools; sitting so quiet as not to startle
the deer that came down from the heather to the grass
and the tilled fields at the fall of night. As the days went
by it seemed as if he was beginning to belong to some
world out of sight and misty, that has for its mearing
the colours that are beyond all other colours and the
silences that are beyond all silences of this world. And
sometimes he would hear coming and going in the
2)3
Stories oj ,%d Hanrahan
wood music that when it stopped went from his memory
like a dream; and once in the stillness of midday he
heard a sound like the clashing of many swords, that
went on for a long time without any break.-And at the
fall of night and at moonrise the lake would grow to be
like a gateway of silver and shining stones, and there
would come from its silence the faint sound of keening
and of frightened laughter broken by the wind, and
many pale beckoning hands.
He was sitting looking into the water one evening in
harvest time, thinking of all the secrets that were <shut
into the lakes and the mountains, when he heard a cry
coming from the south, very faint at first, but getting
louder and clearer as the shadow of the rushes grew
longer, till he could hear the words: 'I am beautiful, I
am beautiful. The birds in the air, the moths under the
leaves, the flies over the water look at me, for they
never saw anyone so beautiful as myself. I am young,
I am young: look upon me, mountains; look upon me,
perishing woods, for my body will be shining like the
white waters when you have been hurried away . You and
the whole race of men, and the race of the beasts, and the
race of the fish, and the winged race, are dropping like
a candle that is nearly burned out. But I laugh aloud
because I am in my youth.' The voice would break off
from time to time, as if tired, and then it would begin
again, calling out always the same words, 'I am beautiful,
I am beautiful.' Presently the bushes at the edge of
the little lake trembled for a moment, and a very old
woman forced her way among them, and passed by
Hanrahan, walking with very slow steps. Her face was
The 'Death of Hanrahan
of the colour of earth, and more wrinkled than the face
of any old hag that was ever seen, and her grey hair was
hanging in wisps, and the rags she was wearing did not
hide her dark skin that was roughened by all weathers.
She passed by him with her eyes wide open, and her
head high, and her arms hanging straight beside her,
and she went into the shadow of the hills towards the
west.
A sort of dread came over Hanrahan when he saw
her, for he knew her to be one Winny Byrne of the
Cross-Roads, that went begging from place to place
crying always the same cry, and he had often heard that
she had once such wisdom that all the women of the
neighbours used to go looking for advice from her, and
that she had a voice so beautiful that men and women
would come from every part to hear her sing at a wake
or a wedding; and that the Others, the great Sidhe, had
stolen her wits one Samhain night many years ago,
when she had fallen asleep on the edge of a rath and
had seen in her dreams the servants of Echtge of the
hills.
And as she vanished away up the hillside, it seemed
as if her cry, 'I am beautiful, I am beautiful,' was coming
from among the stars in the heavens.
There was a cold wind creeping among the rushes,
and Hanrahan began to shiver, and he rose up to go to
some house where there would be a fire on the hearth.
But instead of turning down the hill as he was used, he
went on up the hill, along the little track that was maybe
a road and maybe the dry bed of a stream. It was the
same way Winny had gone, and it led to the little cabin
255
Stories oj ~d Hanrahan
where she stopped when she stopped in any place at all.
He walked very slowly up the hill as if he had a great
load on his back, and at last he saw a light a little to the
left, and he thought it likely it was from Winny's house
it was shining, and he turned from the path to go to it.
But clouds had come over the sky, and he could not
well see his way, and after he had gone a few steps his
foot slipped and he fell into a bog drain, and though he
dragged himself out of it, holding on to the roots of the
heather, the fall had given him a great shake, and he felt
better fit to lie down than to go travelling. But he ,had
always great courage, and he made his way on, step by
step, till at last he came to Winny's cabin, that had no
window, but the light was shining from the door. He
thought to go into it and to rest for a while, but when
he came to the door he did not see Winny inside it, but
what he saw was four old grey-haired women playing
cards, but Winny herself was not among them. Hanrahan
sat down on a heap of turf beside the door, for he
was tired out and out, and had no wish for talking or
for card-playing, and his bones and his joints aching
the way they were. He could hear the four women talking
as they played, and calling out their hands. And it
seemed to him that they were saying, like the strange
man in the ham long ago, 'Spades and Diamonds,
Courage and Power. Clubs and Hearts, Knowledge and
Pleasure.' And he went on saying those words over and
over to himself; and whether or not he was in his
dreams, the pain that was in his shoulder never left him.
And after a while the four women in the cabin began to
quarrel, and each one to say the other had not played
The 'Death ~f Hanrahan
fair, and their voices grew from loud to louder, and
their screams and their curses, till at last the whole air
was filled with the noise of them around and above the
house, and Hanrahan, hearing it between sleep and
waking; said, 'That is the sound of the fighting between
the friends and the ill-wishers of a man that is near his
death. And I wonder,' he said, 'who is the man in this
lonely place that is near his death.'
It seemed as if he had been asleep a long time, and he
opened his eyes, and the face he saw over him was the
old ·wrinkled face of Winny of the Cross-Roads. She
was looking hard at him, as if to make sure he was not
dead, and she wiped away the blood that had grown
dry on his face with a wet cloth, and after a while she
partly helped him and partly lifted him into the cabin,
and laid him down on what served her for a bed. She
gave him a couple of potatoes from a pot on the fire,
and, what served him better, a mug of spring water. He
slept a little now and again, and sometimes he heard her
singing to herself as she moved about the house, and
so the night wore away. When the sky began to
brighten with the dawn he felt for the bag where his
little store of money was, and held it out to her, and she
took out a bit of copper and a bit of silver money, but
she let it drop again as if it was nothing to her, maybe
because it was not money she was used to beg for, but
food and rags; or maybe because the rising of the dawn
was filling her with pride and a new belief in her own
great beauty. She went out and cut a fewannfuls of
heather, and brought it in and heaped it over Hanrahan,
saying something about the cold of the morning, and
257
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
while she did that he took notice of the wrinkles in her
face, and the greyness of her hair, and the broken teeth
that were black and full of gaps. And when he was well
covered with the heather she went out of the door and
away down the side of the mountain, and he could hear
the cry, '1 am beautiful, I am beautiful,' getting less and
less as she went, till at last it died away altogether.
Hanrahan lay there through the length of the day, in
his pains and his weakness, and when the shadows of
the evening were falling he heard her voice again coming
up the hillside, and she came in and boiled ~ the
potatoes and shared them with him the same way as
before. And one day after another passed like that, and
the weight of his flesh was heavy about him. But little
by little as he grew weaker he knew there were some
greater than himself in the room with him, and that the
house began to be filled with them; and it seemed to
him they had all power in their hands, and that they
might with one touch of the hand break down the wall
the hardness of pain had built about him, and take him
into their own world. And sometimes he could hear
voices, very faint and joyful~ crying from the rafters or
out of the flame on the hearth, and other times the whol€!
house was filled with music that went through it like a
wind. And after a while his weakness left no place for
pain, and there grew up about him a great silence like
the silence in the heart of a lake, and there came through
it, like the flame of a rushlight, the faint joyful voices
ever and always.
One morning he heard music somewhere outside the
door, and as the day passed it grew louder and louder
The 'Death of Hanrahan
until it drowned the faint joyful voices, and even
Winny's cry upon the hillside at the fall of evening.
About midnight and in a moment, the walls seemed to
melt away and to leave his bed floating on a pale misty
light that shone on every side as far as the eye could
see; and after the first blinding of his eyes he saw that it
was full of great shadowy figures rushing here and there.
At the same time the music came very clearly to him,
and he knew that it was but the continual clashing of
swords.
'I am after my death,' he said, 'and in the very heart
of the music of Heaven. 0 Cherubim and Seraphim,
receive my soul!'
At his cry the light where it was nearest to him filled
with sparks of yet brighter light, and he saw that these
were the points of swords turned towards his heart; and
then a sudden flame, bright and burning like God's love
or God's hate, swept over the light and went out and he
was in darkness. At first he could see nothing, for all
was as dark as if there was black bog earth about him,
but all of a sudden the fire blazed up as if a wisp of straw
had been thrown upon it. And as he looked at it, the
light was shining on the big pot that was hanging from
a hook, and on the flat stone where Winny used to bake
a cake now and again, and on the long rusty knife she
used to be cutting the roots of the heather with, and on
the long blackthorn stick he had brought into the house
himself. And when he saw those four things, some
memory came into Hanrahan's mind, and strength came
back to him, and he rose sitting up in the bed, and he
said very loud and clear, 'The Cauldron, the Stone, the
Stories of ~d Hanrahan
Sword, the Spear. What are they? Who do they belong
to? And I have asked the question this time.'
And then he fell back again, weak, and the breath
going from him.
Winny Byrne, that had been tending the fire, came
over then, having her eyes fixed on the bed; and the
faint laughing voices began crying out again, and a pale
light, grey like a wave, came creeping over the room,
and he did not know from what secret world it came.
He saw Winny's withered face and her withered arms
that were grey like crumbled earth, and weak as he was
he shrank back farther towards the wall. And then there
came out of the mud-stiffened rags arms as white and as
shadowy as the foam on a river, and they were put about
his body, and a voice that he could hear well but that
seemed to come from a long way off said to him in a
whisper, 'You will go looking for me no more upon
the breasts of women.'
'Who are you?' he said then.
'I am one of the lasting people, of the lasting unwearied
V oices, that make my dwelling in the broken
and the dying, and those that have lost their wits; and
I came looking for you, and you are mine until th~
whole world is burned out like a candle that is spent.
And look up now,' she said, 'for the wisps that are for
our wedding are lighted.'
He saw then that the house was crowded with pale
shadowy hands, and that every hand was holding what
was sometimes like a wisp lighted for a marriage, and
sometimes like a tall white candle for the dead.
When the sun rose on the morning of the morrow
260
The CJ)eath of Hanrahan
Winny of the Cross-Roads rose up from where she was
sitting beside the body, and began her begging from
townland to townland, singing the same song as she
walked: 'I am beautiful, I am beautiful. The birds in the
air, the moths under the leaves, the flies over the water
look at me. I am young: look upon me, mountains;
look upon me, perishing woods, for my body will be
shining like the white waters when you have been
hurried away. You and the whole race of men, and the
race of the beasts, and the race of the fish, and the winged
race, are dropping like a candle that is nearly burned
out. But I laugh aloud, because I am in my youth:
She did not come back that night or any night to the
cabin, and it was not till the end of two days that the
turf-cutters going to the bog found the body of Red
Owen Hanrahan, and gathered men to wake him and
women to keen him, and gave him a burying worthy of
so great a poet.
THE END
ROSA ALCHEMICA
THE TABLES OF THE LAW
AND
THE ADORATION OF THE MAGI
1897
'0, blessed and happy he who, knowing the mysteries of the gods,
sanctifies his life, and purifies his soul, celebrating orgies in the
mountains with holy purifications. '-EURIPIDES
TO
A. E.
ROSA ALCHEMICA
I
IT is now more than ten years since I met, for the last
time, Michael Robartes, and for the first time and the
last time his friends and fellow-students; and witnessed
his and their tragic end, and passed through strange
experiences, which have changed me so that my writings
have grown less popular and less intelligible, and
may compel me to take refuge in the habit of Saint
Dominic. I had just published Rosa Alchemica, a little
work on the Alchemists, somewhat in the manner of
Sir Thomas Browne, and had received many letters
from believers in the arcane sciences, upbraiding what
they called my timidity, for they could not believe so
evident sympathy but the sympathy of the artist, which
is half pity, for everything which has moved men's
hearts in any age. I had discovered, early in my researches,
that their doctrine was no merely chemical
fantasy, but a philosophy they applied to the world,
to the elements and to man himself; and that they
~ought to fashion gold out of common metals merely as
part of a universal transmutation of all things into
some divine and imperishable substance; and this enabled
me to make my little book a fanciful reverie over
the transmutation of life into art, and a cry of measureless
desire for a world made wholly of essences.
I was sitting dreaming of what I had written, in my
house in one of the old parts of Dublin; a house my
ancestors had made almost famous through their part
~sa eAlchemica
in the politics of the city and their friendships with the
famous men of their generations; and was feeling an
unwonted happiness at having at last accomplished a
long-cherished design, and changed my rooms into an
expression of this favourite doctrine. The poru'aits, of
more historical than artistic interest, had gone; and
tapestry, full of the blue and bronze of peacocks, fell
over the doors, and shut out all history and activity
untouched with beauty and peace; and now when I
looked at my Crivelli and pondered on the rose in the
hand of the Virgin, wherein the form was so delieate
and precise that it seemed more like a thought than a
flower, or my Francesca, so full of ghostly astonishment,
I knew a Christian's ecstasy without his slavery
to rule and custom. When I pondered over the antique
bronze gods and goddesses, which I had mortgaged my
house to buy, I had all a pagan's delight in various
beauty and without his terror at sleepless destiny and
his labour with many sacrifices; and I had but to go to
my bookshelf, where every book was bound in leather,
stamped with intricate ornament, and of a carefully
chosen colour: Shakespeare in the orange of the glory
of the world, Dante in the dull red of his anger, Milton
in the blue-grey of his formal calm; to know what I
would of human passions without their bitterness and
without satiety. I had gathered about me all gods because
I believed in none, and experienced every pleasure
because I gave myself to none, but held myself
apart, individual, indissoluble, a mirror of polished
steel. I looked in the triumph of this imagination at the
birds of Hera, glittering in the light of the fire as though.
268
~sa eAlchemica
of Byzantine mosaic; and to my mind, for which symbolism
was a necessity, they seemed the doorkeepers
of my world, shutting out all that was not of as affluent
a beauty as their own; and for a moment I thought, as
I had thought in so many other moments, that it was
possible to rob life of every bitterness except the bitterness
of death; and then a thought which had followed
this thought, time after time, filled me with a passionate
sorrow. All those forms: that Madonna with her brooding
purity, those delighted ghostly faces under the
morning light, those bronze divinities with their passionless
dignity, those wild shapes rushing from despair
to despair, belonged to a divine world wherein I
had no part; and every experience, however profound,
every perception, however exquisite, would bring me
the bitter dream of a limitless energy I could never
know, and even in my most perfect moment I would
be two selves, the one watching with heavy eyes the
other's moment of content. I had heaped about me the
gold born in the crucibles of others; but the supreme
dream of the alchemist, the transmutation of the weary
heart into a weariless spirit, was as far from me as, I
doubted not, it had been from him also. I turned to my
last purchase, a set of alchemical apparatus which, the
dealer in the Rue Le Pe1etier had assured me, once belonged
to Raymond Lully, and as I joined the alembic
to the athanor and laid the lavacrum maris at their side,
I understood the alchemical doctrine, that all beings,
divided from the great deep where spirits wander, one
and yet a multitude, are weary; and sympathised, in the
pride of my connoisseurship, with the consummy
P.JLsa eAlcbemica
thirst for destruction which made the alchemist veil
under his symbols of lions and dragons, of eagles and
ravens, of dew and of nitre, a search for an essence
which would dissolve all mortal things. I repeated to
myself the ninth key of Basilius Valentinus, in which
he compares the fire of the Last Day to the fire of the
alchemist, and the world to the alchemist's furnace, and
would have us know that all must be dissolved before
the divine substance, material gold or immaterial
ecstasy, awake. I had dissolved indeed the mortal world
and lived amid immortal essences, but had obtained no
miraculous ecstasy. As I thought of these things, I drew
aside the curtains and looked out into the darkness, and
it seemed to my troubled fancy that all those little
points of light filling the sky were the furnaces of innumerable
divine alchemists, who labour continually,
turning lead into gold, weariness into ecstasy, bodies
into souls, the darkness into God; and at their perfect
labour my mortality grew heavy, and I cried out, as so
many dreamers and men of letters in our age have
cried, for the birth of that elaborate spiritual beauty
which could alone uplift souls weighted with so many
dreams.
II
My reverie was broken by a loud knocking at the
door, and I wondered the more at this because I had no
visitors, and had bid my servants do all things silently,
lest they broke the dream of an all but secret life. F eeling
a little curious, I resolved to go to the door myself,
and, taking one of the silver candlesticks from the
7V!...sa eAlchemica
mantelpiece, began to descend the stairs. The servants
appeared to be out, for though the sound poured
through every comer and crevice of the house there
was no stir in the lower rooms. I remembered that because
my needs were so few, my part in life so little,
they had begun to come and go as they would, often
leaving me alone for hours. The emptiness and silence
of a world from which I had driven everything but
dreams suddenly overwhelmed me, and I shuddered as
I drew the bolt. I found before me Michael Robartes,
wh~m I had not seen for years, and whose wild red
hair, fierce eyes, sensitive, tremulous lips and rough
clothes, made him look now, just as they used to do
fifteen years before, something between a debauchee,
a saint, and a peasant. He had recently come to Ireland,
he said, and wished to see me on a matter of importance:
indeed, the only matter of importance for him and
for me. His voice brought up before me our student
years in Paris, and, remembering the magnetic power
he had once possessed over me, a little fear mingled
with much annoyance at this irrelevant intrusion, as I
led the way up the wide staircase, where Swift had
~assed joking and railing, and Curran telling stories
and quoting Greek, in simpler days, before men's
minds, subtilised and complicated by the romantic movement
in art and literature, began to tremble on the verge
of some unimagined revelation. I felt that my hand
shook, and saw that the light of the candle wavered
more than it need have upon the gods and nymphs
set upon the wall by some Italian plasterer of the
eighteenth century, making them look like the first
271
~sa eAlchemica
beings slowly shaping in the formless and void darkness.
When the door had closed, and the peacock curtain
fell between us and the world, 1 felt, in a way 1 could
not understand, that some singular and unexpected thing
was about to happen. 1 went over to the mantelpiece,
and finding that a little chainless bronze censer, set,
upon the outside, with pieces of painted china by
Orazio Fontana, which 1 had filled with antique amulets,
had fallen upon its side and poured out its contents,
1 began to gather the amulets into the bowl,
partly to collect my thoughts and partly with that
habitual reverence which seemed to me the due of
things so long connected with secret hopes and fears.
'1 see,' said Michael Robartes, 'that you are still fond of
incense, and 1 can show you an incense more precious
than any you have ever seen,' and as he spoke he took
the censer out of my hand and put the amulets in a little
heap between the athanor and the alembic. 1 sat down,
and he sat down at the side of the fire, and sat there for
a while looking into the fire, and holding the censer in
his hand. '1 have come to ask you something,' he said,
'and the incense will fill the room, and our thoughts,
with its sweet odour while we are talking. 1 got it from
an old man in Syria, who said it was made from flowers,
of one kind with the flowers that laid their heavy
purple petals upon the hands and upon the hair and
upon the feet of Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane,
and folded Him in their heavy breath, until He cried
against the cross and His destiny.' He shook some dust
into the censer out of a small silk bag, and set the censer
upon the floor and lit the dust, which sent up a blue
~a r::Alchemica
stream of smoke, that spread out over the ceiling, and
flowed downwards again until it was like Milton's banyan
tree. It filled me, as incense often does, with a faint
sleepiness, 'so that 1 started when he said, '1 have come
to ask you that question which I asked you in Paris,
and which you left Paris rather than answer.'
He had turned his eyes towards me, and 1 saw them
glitter in the firelight, through the incense cloud, as I
replied: 'You mean, will 1 become an initiate of your
Order of the Alchemical Rose? I would not consent in
Paris, when 1 was full of unsatisfied desire, and now
that I have at last fashioned my life according to my
desire, am I likely to consent?'
'You have changed greatly since then,' he answered.
'1 have read your books, and now 1 see you among all
these images, and 1 understand you better than you do
yourself, for 1 have been with many and many dreamers
at the same crossways. You have shut away the world
and gathered the gods about you, and if you do not
throw yourself at their feet, you will be always full of
lassitude, and of wavering purpose, for a man must forget
he is miserable in the bustle and noise of the multitude
in this world and in time; or seek a mystical union
with the multitude who govern this world and time.'
And then he murmured something I could not hear,
and as though to some one 1 could not see.
For a moment the room appeared to darken, as it
used to do when he was about to perform some singular
experiment, and in the darkness the peacocks upon the
doors seemed to glow with a more intense colour. I
cast off the illusion, which was, I believed, merely
273
~sa e.A.lchemica
caused by memory, and by the twilight of incense, for
I would not acknowledge that he could overcome my
now mature intellect; and I said, 'Even if I grant that I
need a spiritual belief and some form of worship, why
should I go to Eleusis and not to Calvary?' He leaned
forward and began speaking with a slightly rhythmical
intonation, and as he spoke I had to struggle again with
the shadow, as of some older night than the night of the
sun, which began to dim the light of the candles and to
blot out the little gleams upon the corner of pictureframes
and on the bronze divinities, and to turn the blue
of the incense to a heavy purple; while it left the peacocks
to glimmer and glow as though each separate
colour were a living spirit. I had fallen into a profound
dream-like reverie in which I heard him speaking as at
a distance. 'And yet there is no one who communes
with only one god,' he was saying, 'and the more a man
lives in imagination and in a refined understanding, the
more gods does he meet with and talk with, and the
more does he come under the power of Roland, who
sounded in the Valley of Roncesvalles the last trumpet
of the body's will and pleasure; and of Hamlet, who saw
them perishing away, and sighed; and of Faust, whcr
looked for them up and down the world and could not
find them; and under the power of all those countless
divinities who have taken upon themselves spiritual
bodies in the minds of the modern poets and romancewriters,
and under the power of the old divinities, who
since the Renaissance have won everything of their
ancient worship except the sacrifice of birds and fishes,
the fragrance of garlands and the smoke of incense. The
274
~sa c:A.lchemica
many think humanity made these divinities, and that it
can unmake them again; but we who have seen them
pass in rattling harness, and in soft robes, and heard
them speak with articulate voices while we lay in deathlike
trance, know that they are always making and unmaking
humanity, which is indeed but the trembling of
their lips.'
He had stood up and begun to walk to and fro, and
had become in my waking dream a shuttle weaving an
immense purple web whose folds had begun to fill the
ro<?om. The room seemed to have become inexplicably
silent, as though all but the web and the weaving were
at an end in the world. 'They have come to us; they
have come to us,' the voice began again; 'all that have
ever been in your reverie, all that you have met with in
books. There is Lear, his head still wet with the thunderstorm,
and he laughs because you thought yourself an
existence who are but a shadow, and him a shadow who
is an eternal god; and there is Beatrice, with her lips
half parted in a smile, as though all the stars were about
to pass away in a sigh oflove; and there is the mother of
the God of humility, He who has cast so great a spell
over men that they have tried to unpeople their hearts
that He might reign alone, but she holds in her hand the
rose whose every petal is a god; and there, 0, swiftly
she comes! is Aphrodite under a twilight falling from
the wings of numberless sparrows, and about her feet
are the grey and white doves.' In the midst of my dream
I saw him hold out his left arm and pass his right hand
over it as though he stroked the wings of doves. I made
a violent effort which seemed almost to tear me in two,
275
~sa e.Alchemica
and said with forced determination, 'You would sweep
me away into an indefinite world which fills me with
terror; and yet a man is a great man just in so far as he
can make his mind reflect everything with indifferent
precision like a mirror.' I seemed to be perfectly master
of myself, and went on, but more rapidly, 'I command
you to leave me at once, for your ideas and fantasies
are but the illusions that creep like maggots into civilisations
when they begin to decline, and into minds
when they begin to decay.' I had grown suddenly angry,
and seizing the alembic from the table, was about to-rise
and strike him with it, when the peacocks on the door
behind him appeared to grow immense; and then the
alembic fell from my fingers and I was drowned in a
tide of green and blue and bronze feathers, and as I
struggled hopelessly I heard a distant voice saying,
'Our master Avicenna has written that all life proceeds
out of corruption.' The glittering feathers had now
covered me completely, and I knew that I had struggled
for hundreds of years, and was conquered at last. I was
sinking into the depth when the green and blue and
bronze that seemed to fill the world became a sea of
flame and swept me away, and as I was swirled along ;{
heard a voice over my head cry, 'The mirror is broken
in two pieces,' and another voice answer, 'The mirror
is broken in four pieces,' and a more distant voice cry
with an exultant cry, 'The mirror is broken into numberless
pieces'; and then a multitude of pale hands were
reaching towards me, and strange gentle faces bending
above me, and half-wailing and half-caressing voices
uttering words that were forgotten the moment they
~sa eAlcbemica
were spoken. I was being lifted out of the tide of flame,
and felt my memories, my hopes, my thoughts, my
will, everything I held to be myself, melting away; then
I seemed to rise through numberless companies of beings
who were, I understood, in some way more certain
than thought, each wrapped in his eternal moment,
in the perfect lifting of an arm, in a little circlet of rhythmical
words, in dreaming with dim eyes and halfclosed
eyelids. And then I passed beyond these forms,
which were so beautiful they had almost ceased to be,
and, having endured strange moods, melancholy, as it
seemed, with the weight of many worlds, I passed into
that Death which is Beauty herself, and into that Loneliness
which all the multitudes desire without ceasing.
All things that had ever lived seemed to come and dwell
in my heart, and I in theirs; and I had never again known
mortality or tears, had I not suddenly fallen from the
certainty of vision into the uncertainty of dream, and
become a drop of molten gold falling with immense
rapidity, through a night elaborate with stars, and all
about me a melancholy exultant wailing. I fell and fell
and fell, and then the wailing was but the wailing of the
wind in the chimney, and I awoke to find myselfleaning
upon the table and supporting my head with my hands.
I saw the alembic swaying from side to side in the distant
corner it had rolled to,andMichael Robartes watching
me and waiting. 'I will go wherever you will: I
said, 'and do whatever you bid me, for 1 have been with
eternal things.' '1 knew,' he replied, 'you must needs
answer as you have answered, when I heard the storm
begin. You must come to a great distance, for we were
277
1\.£sa ~lchemica
commanded to build our temple between the pure multitude
by the waves and the impure multitude of men.'
III
I did not speak as we drove through the deserted
streets, for my mind was curiously empty of familiar
thoughts and experiences; it seemed to have been
plucked out of the definite world and cast naked upon a
shoreless sea. There were moments when the vision
appeared on the point of returning, and I would half
remember, with an ecstasy of joy or sorrow, crimes and
heroisms, fortunes and misfortunes; or begin to contemplate,
with a sudden leaping of the heart, hopes and
terrors, desires and ambitions, alien to my orderly and
careful life; and then I would awake shuddering at the
thought that some great imponderable being had swept
through my mind. It was indeed days before this feeling
passed perfectly away, and even now, when I have
sought refuge in the only definite faith, I feel a great
tolerance for those people with incoherent personalities,
who gather in the chapels and meeting-places of
certain obscure sects, because I also have felt fixefl
habits and principles dissolving before a power, which
was hysterica passio or sheer madness, if you will, but
was so powerful in its melancholy exultation that I
tremble lest it wake again and drive me from my newfound
peace.
When we came in the grey light to the great halfempty
terminus, it seemed to me I was so changed that
I was no more, as man is, a moment shuddering at eter~
sa c:Alcbemica
nity, but eternity weeping and laughing over a moment;
and when we had started and Michael Robartes had
fallen asleep, as he soon did, his sleeping face, in which
there was no sign of all that had so shaken me and that
now kept me wakeful, was to my excited mind more
like a mask than a face. The fancy possessed me that the
man behind it had dissolved away like salt in water, and
that it laughed and sighed, appealed and denounced at
the bidding of beings greater or less than man. 'This is
not Michael Robartes at all: Michael Robartes is dead;
dead for ten, for twenty years perhaps,' I kept repeating
to myself. I fell at last into a feverish sleep, waking up
from time to time when we rushed past some little town,
its slated roofs shining with wet, or still lake gleaming
in the cold morning light. I had been too preoccupied
to ask where we were going, or to notice what tickets
Michael Robartes had taken, but I knew now from the
direction of the sun that we were going westward; and
presently I knew also, by the way in which the trees had
grown into the semblance of tattered beggars flying
with bent heads towards the east, that we were approaching
the western coast. Then immediately I saw
the sea between the low hills upon the left, its dull grey
broken into white patches and lines.
When we left the train we had still, I found, some
way to go, and set out, buttoning our coats about us,
for the wind was bitter and violent. Michael Robartes
was silent, seeming anxious to leave me to my thoughts;
and as we walked between the sea and the rocky side of
a great promontory, I realised with a new perfection
what a shock had been given to all my habits of thought
279
~sa c:.A.lchemica
and of feeling, if indeed some mysterious change had
not taken place in the substance of my mind, for the
grey waves, plumed with scudding foam, had grown
part of a teeming, fantastic inner life; and when Michael
Robartes pointed to a square ancient-looking house,
with a much smaller and newer building under its lee,
set out on the very end of a dilapidated and almost deserted
pier,and said it was the Temple of the Alchemical
Rose, I was possessed with the fantasy that the sea,
which kept covering it with showers of white foam,
was claiming it as part of some indefinite and passionate
life, which had begun to war upon our orderly and careful
days, and was about to plunge the world into a
night as obscure as that which followed the downfall of
the classical world. One part of my mind mocked this
fantastic terror, but the other, the part that still lay
half plunged in vision, listened to the clash of unknown
armies, and shuddered at unimaginable fanaticisms, that
hung in those grey leaping waves.
We had gone but a few paces along the pier when we
came upon an old man, who was evidently a watchman,
for he sat in an overset barrel, close to a place
where masons had been lately working upon a break in~
the pier, and had in front of him a fire such as one sees
slung under tinkers' carts. I saw that he was also a
voteen, as the peasants say, for there was a rosary hanging
from a nail on the rim of the barrel, and as I saw I
shuddered, and I did not know why I shuddered. We
had passed him a few yards when I heard him cry in
Gaelic, 'Idolaters, idolaters, go down to Hell with your
witches and your devils; go down to Hell that the
280
~sa r.:.Alchemica
herrings may come again into the bay'; and for some
moments 1 could hear him half screaming and half
muttering behind us. 'Are you not afraid,' 1 said, 'that
these wild .fishing people may do some desperate thing
against .you?'
'1 and mine,' he answered, 'are long past human hurt
or help, being incorporate with immortal spirits, and
when we die it shall be the consummation of the
supreme work. A time will come for these people also,
and they will sacrifice a mullet to Artemis, or some
otkler fish to some new divinity, unless indeed their own
divinities set up once more their temples of grey stone.
Their reign has never ceased, but only waned in power
a little, for the Sidhe still pass in every wind, and dance
and play at hurley, but they cannot build their temples
again till there have been martyrdoms and victories,
and perhaps even that long-foretold battle in the Valley
of the Black Pig.'
Keeping close to the wall that went about the pier
on the seaward side, to escape the driving foam and the
wind, which threatened every moment to lift us off our
feet, we made our way in silence to the door of the
• square building. Michael Robartes opened it with a key,
on which I saw the rust of many salt winds, and led me
along a bare passage and up an uncarpeted stair to a
little room surrounded with bookshelves. A meal would
be brought, but only of fruit, for I must submit to a
tempered fast before the ceremony, he explained, and
with it a book on the doctrine and method of the Order,
over which I was to spend what remained of the winter
daylight. He then left me, promising to return an hour
281
~sa Q/l/chemica
before the ceremony. I began searching among the
bookshelves, and found one of the most exhaustive
alchemical libraries I have ever seen. There were the
works of Morienus, who hid his immortal hody under
a shirt of hair-cloth; of Avicenna, who was a drunkard
and yet controlled numberless legions of spirits; of
Alfarabi, who put so many spirits into his lute that he
could make men laugh, or weep, or fall in deadly trance
as he would; of Lully, who transformed himself into
the likeness of a red cock; of Flamel, who with his wife
Pernella achieved the elixir many hundreds of years
ago, and is fabled to live still in Arabia among the Dervishes;
and of many of less fame. There were very few
mystics but alchemical mystics, and because, I had little
doubt, of the devotion to one god of the greater number
and of the limited sense of beauty, which Robartes
would hold an inevitable consequence; but I did notice
a complete set of facsimiles of the prophetical writings
of William Blake, and probably because of the multitudes
that thronged his illumination and were 'like the
gay fishes on the wave when the moon sucks up the
dew.' I noted also many poets and prose writers of
every age, but only those who were a little weary o£
life, as indeed the greatest have been everywhere, and
who cast their imagination to us, as a something they
needed no longer now that they were going up in their
fiery chariots.
Presently I heard a tap at the door, and a woman
came in and laid a little fruit upon the table. I judged
that she had once been handsome, but her cheeks were
hollowed by what I would have held, had I seen her
~sa c:Alchemica
anywhere else, an excitement of the flesh and a thirst
for pleasure, instead of which it doubtless was an excitement
of the imagination and a thirst for beauty. I asked
her some question concerning the ceremony, but getting
no. answer except a shake of the head, saw that I
must await initiation in silence. When I had eaten, she
came again, and having laid a curiously wrought bronze
box on the table, lighted the candles, and took away the
plates and the remnants. So soon as I was alone, I
turned to the box, and found that the peacocks of Hera
sp.ead out their tails over the sides and lid, against a
background on which were wrought great stars, as
though to affirm that the heavens were a part of their
glory. In the box was a book bound in vellum, and
having upon the vellum and in very delicate colours,
and in gold, the Alchemical Rose with many spears
thrusting against it, but in vain, as was shown by the
shattered points of those nearest to the petals. The book
was written upon vellum, and in beautiful clear letters,
interspersed with symbolical pictures and illuminations,
after the manner of the Splendor Solis.
The first chapter described how six students, of
.Celtic descent, gave themselves separately to the study
of alchemy, and solved, one the mystery of the Pelican,
another the mystery of the Green Dragon, another the
mystery of the Eagle, another that of Salt and Mercury.
What seemed a succession of accidents, but was, the
book declared, the contrivance of preternatural powers,
brought them together in the garden of an inn in the
South of France, and while they talked together the
thought came to them that alchemy was the gradual
~sa cv4lchemica
distillation of the contents of the soul, until they were
ready to put off the mortal and put on the immortal. An
owl passed, rustling among the vine-leaves overhead,
and then an old woman came, leaning upon a stick, and,
sitting close to them, took up the thought where they
had dropped it. Having expounded the whole principle
of spiritual alchemy, and bid them found the Order of
the Alchemical Rose, she passed from among them, and
when they would have followed was nowhere to be
seen. They formed themselves into an Order, holding
their goods and making their researches in commQn,
and, as they became perfect in the alchemical doctrine,
apparitions came and went among them, and taught
them more and more marvellous mysteries. The book
then went on to expound so much of these as the neophyte
was permitted to know, dealing at the outset and
at considerable length with the independent reality of
our thoughts, which was, it declared, the doctrine from
which all true doctrines rose. If you imagine, it said,
the semblance of a living being, it is at once possessed
by a wandering soul, and goes hither and thither working
good or evil, until the moment of its death has
come; and gave many examples, received, it said, from
many gods. Eros had taught them how to fashion
forms in which a divine soul could dwell and whisper
what it would into sleeping minds; and Ate, forms from
which demonic beings could pour madness, or unquiet
dreams, into sleeping blood; and Hermes, that if you
powerfully imagined a hound at your bedside it would
keep watch there until you woke, and drive away all
but the mightiest demons, but that if your imagination
~sa c:Alchemica
was weakly, the hound would be weakly also, and the
demons prevail, and the hound soon die; and Aphrodite,
that if you made, by a strong imagining, a dove
crowned with silver and bade it flutter over your head,
its soft .cooing would make sweet dreams of immortal
love gather and brood over mortal sleep; and all divinities
alike had revealed with many warnings and lamentations
that all minds are continually giving birth to
such beings, and sending them forth to work health or
disease, joy or madness. If you would give forms to the
evil powers, it went on, you were to make them ugly,
thrusting out a lip with the thirsts of life, or breaking
the proportions of a body with the burdens of life;
but the divine powers would only appear in beautiful
shapes, which are but, as it were, shapes trembling out
of existence, folding up into a timeless ecstasy, drifting
with half-shut eyes into a sleepy stillness. The bodiless
souls who descended into these forms were what men
called the moods; and worked all great changes in the
world; for just as the magician or the artist could call
them when he would, so they could call out of the mind
of the magician or the artist, or if they were demons,
.out of the mind of the mad or the ignoble, what shape
they would, and through its voice and its gestures
pour themselves out upon the world. In this way all
great events were accomplished; a mood, a divinity,
or a demon, first descending like a faint sigh into
men's minds and then changing their thoughts and their
actions until hair that was yellow had grown black, or
hair that was black had grown yellow, and empires
moved their border, as though they were but drifts of
~sa eAlchemica
leaves. The rest of the book contained symbols of form,
and sound, and colour, and their attribution to divinities
and demons, so that the initiate might fashion a
shape for any divinity or any demon, and be as powerful
as A vicenna among those who live under the roots
of tears and of laughter.
IV
A couple of hours after sunset Michael Robartes returned
and told me that I would have to learn the steps
of an exceedingly antique dance, because before my
initiation could be perfected I had to join three times in
a magical dance, for rhythm was the wheel of Eternity,
on which alone the transient and accidental could be
broken, and the spirit set free. I found that the steps,
which were simple enough, resembled certain antique
Greek dances, and having been a good dancer in my
youth and the master of many curious Gaelic steps, I
soon had them in my memory. He then robed me and
himself in a costume which suggested by its shape both
Greece and Egypt, but by its crimson colour a more
passionate life than theirs; and having put into my
hands a little chainless censer of bronze, wrought into,
the likeness of a rose, by some modern craftsman, he
told me to open a small door opposite to the door by
which I had entered. I put my hand to the handle, but
the moment I did so the fumes of the incense, helped
perhaps by his mysterious glamour, made me fall again
into a dream, in which I seemed to be a mask, lying on
the counter of a little Eastern shop. Many persons, with
eyes so bright and still that I knew them for more than
~a ~lchemica
human, came in and tried me on their faces, but at last
flung me into a corner laughing; but all this passed in
a moment, for when I awoke my hand was still upon
the handle. I opened the door, and found myself in a
marvell.ous passage, along whose sides were many divinities
wrought in a mosaic, not less beautiful than the
mosaic in the Baptistery at Ravenna, but of a less severe
beauty; the predominant colour of each divinity, which
was surely a symbolic colour, being repeated in the
lamps that hung from the ceiling, a curiously scented
larpp before every divinity. I passed on, marvelling exceedingly
how these enthusiasts could have created all
this beauty in so remote a place, and half persuaded to
believe in a material alchemy, by the sight of so much
hidden wealth; the censer filling the air, as I passed,
with smoke of ever-changing colour.
I stopped before a door, on whose bronze panels
were wrought great waves in whose shadow were faint
suggestions of terrible faces. Those beyond it seemed
to have heard our steps, for a voice cried, 'Is the work
of the Incorruptible Fire at an end?' and immediately
Michael Robartes answered, 'The perfect gold has come
.from the athanor.' The door swung open, and we were
in a great circular room, and among men and women
who were dancing slowly in crimson robes. Upon the
ceiling was an immense rose wrought in mosaic; and
about the walls, also in mosaic, was a battle of gods and
angels, the gods glimmering like rubies and sapphires,
and the angels of the one greyness, because, as Michael
Robartes whispered, they had renounced their divinity,
and turned from the unfolding of their separate hearts,
~sa c:Alchemica
out of love for a God of humility and sorrow. Pillars
supported the roof and made a kind of circular cloister,
each pillar being a column of confused shapes, divinities,
it seemed, of the wind, who, in a whirling dance of
more than human vehemence, rose playing upon pipes
and cymbals; and from among these shapes were thrust
out hands, and in these hands were censers. I was bid
place my censer also in a hand and take my place and
dance, and as I turned from the pillars towards the
dancers, I saw that the floor was of a green stone, and
that a pale Christ on a pale cross was wrought in the
midst. I asked Robartes the meaning of this, and was
told that they desired 'to trouble His unity with their
multitudinous feet.' The dance wound in and out, tracing
upon the floor the shapes of petals that copied the
petals in the rose overhead, and to the sound of hidden
instruments which were perhaps of an antique pattern,
for I have never heard the like; and every moment the
dance was more passionate, until all the winds of the
world seemed to have awakened under our feet. After
a little I had grown weary, and stood under a pillar
watching the coming and going of those flame-like
figures; until gradually I sank into a half-dream, from
which I was awakened by seeing the petals of the great
rose, which had no longer the look of mosaic, falling
slowly through the incense-heavy air, and, as they fell,
shaping into the likeness of living beings of an extraordinary
beauty. Still faint and cloud-like, they began
to dance, and as they danced took a more and more
definite shape, so that I was able to distinguish beautiful
Grecian faces and august Egyptian faces, and now and
288
~sa ~lchemica
again to name a divinity by the staff in his hand or by a
bird fluttering over his head; and soon every mortal
foot danced by the white foot of an immortal; and in
the troubled eyes that looked into untroubled shadowy
eyes, I saw the brightness of uttermost desire as though
they had found at length, after unreckonable wandering,
the lost love of their youth. Sometimes, but only
for a moment, I saw a faint solitary figure with a veiled
face, and carrying a faint torch, flit among the dancers,
but like a dream within a dream, like a shadow of a
shadow, and I knew by an understanding born from a
deeper fountain than thought, that it was Eros himself,
and that his face was veiled because no man or woman
from the beginning of the world has ever known what
Love is, or looked into his eyes, for Eros alone of divinities
is altogether a spirit, and hides in passions not of
his essence if he would commune with a mortal heart.
So that if a man love nobly he knows Love through infinite
pity, unspeakable trust, unending sympathy; and
if ignobly through vehement jealousy, sudden hatred,
and unappeasable desire; but unveiled Love he never
knows. While I thought these things, a voice cried to
.. me from the crimson figures, 'Into the dance! there is
none that can be spared out of the dance; into the dance!
into the dance! that the gods may make them bodies
out of the substance of our hearts'; and before I could
answer, a mysterious wave of passion, that seemed like
the soul of the dance moving within our souls, took
hold of me, and I was swept, neither consenting nor
refusing, into the midst. I was dancing with an immortal
august woman, who had black lilies in her hair,
1\Qfa c:Alchemica
and her dreamy gesture seemed laden with a wisdom
more profound than the darkness that is between star
and star, and with a love like the love that breathed
upon the waters; and as we danced on and on, the incense
drifted over us and round us, covering us away
as in the heart of the world, and ages seemed to pass,
and tempests to awake and perish in the folds of our
robes and in her heavy hair.
Suddenly I remembered that her eyelids had never
quivered, and that her lilies had not dropped a black
petal, nor shaken from their places, and underst08d
with a great horror that I danced with one who was
more or less than human, and who was drinking up my
soul as an ox drinks up a wayside pool; and I fell, and
darkness passed over me.
v
I awoke suddenly as though something had awakened
me, and saw that I was lying on a roughly painted
fioor, and that on the ceiling, which was at no great
distance, was a roughly painted rose, and about me on
the walls half-finished paintings. The pillars and the
censers had gone; and near me a score of sleepers lay'wrapped
in disordered robes, their upturned faces looking
to my imagination like hollow masks; and a chill
dawn was shining down upon them from a long window
I had not noticed before; and outside the sea
roared. I saw Michael Robartes lying at a little distance
and beside him an overset bowl of wrought bronze
which looked as though it had once held incense. As
I sat thus, I heard a sudden tumult of angry men's and
~sa' <::A/chemica
women's voices mix with the roaring of the sea; and
leaping to my feet, I went quickly to Michael Robartes,
and tried to shake him out of his sleep. I then seized
him by the shoulder and tried to lift him, but he fell
backwa,rds, and sighed faintly; and the voices became
louder and angrier; and there was a sound of heavy
blows upon the door, which opened on to the pier.
Suddenly I heard a sound of rending wood, and I knew
it had begun to give, and I ran to the door of the room.
I pushed it open and came out upon a passage whose
bare boards clattered under my feet, and found in the
passage another door which led into an empty kitchen;
and as I passed through the door I heard two crashes
in quick succession, and knew by the sudden noise of
feet and the shouts that the door which opened on to
the pier had fallen inwards. I ran from the kitchen and
out into a small yard, and from this down some steps
which descended the seaward and sloping side of the
pier, and from the steps clambered along the water's
edge, with the angry voices ringing in my ears. This
part of the pier had been but lately refaced with blocks
of granite, so that it was almost clear of seaweed; but
"I when I came to the old part, I found it so slippery with
green weed that I had to climb up on to the roadway.
I looked towards the Temple of the Alchemical Rose,
where the fishermen and the women were still shouting,
but somewhat more faintly, and saw that there was no
one about the door or upon the pier; but as I looked, a
little crowd hurried out of the door and began gathering
large stones from where they were heaped up in
readiness for the next time a storm shattered the pier,
~sa r:Alcbemica
when they would be laid under blocks of granite. While
I stood watching the crowd, an old man, who was, I
think, the voteen, pointed to me, and screamed out
something, and the crowd whitened, for all the faces
had turned towards me. I ran, and it was well for me
that pullers of the oar are poorer men with their feet
than with their arms and their bodies; and yet while I
ran I scarcely heard the following feet or the angry
voices, for many voices of exultation and lamentation,
which were forgotten as a dream is forgotten the
moment they were heard, seemed to be ringing in the
air over my head.
There are moments even now when I seem to hear
those voices of exultation and lamentation, and when
the indefinite world, which has but half lost its mastery
over my heart and my intellect, seems about to claim
a perfect mastery; but I carry the rosary about my neck,
and when I hear, or seem to hear them, I press it to my
heart and say, 'He whose name is Legion is at our doors
deceiving our intellects with subtlety and flattering our
hearts with beauty, and we have no trust but in Thee';
and then the war that rages within me at other times is
still, and I am at peace.
The Tables of the Law
THE TABLES OF THE LAW
I
'WILL :you permit me, Aherne,' I said, 'to ask you a
question, which I have wanted to ask you for years,
and have not asked because we have grown nearly
strangers? Why did you refuse the biretta, and almost
at the last moment? When you and I lived together,
you cared neither for wine, women, nor money, and
had thoughts for nothing but theology and mysticism.'
I had watched through dinner for a moment to put my
question, and ventured now, because he had thrown
off a little of the reserve and indifference which, ever
since his last return from Italy, had taken the place of
our once close friendship. He had just questioned me,
too, about certain private and almost sacred things, and
my frankness had earned, I thought, a like frankness
from him.
When I began to speak he was lifting a glass of that
wine which he could choose so well and valued so little;
and while I spoke, he set it slowly and meditatively
"ilpon the table and held it there, its deep red light dyeing
his long delicate fingers. The impression of his face
and form, as they were then, is still vivid with me, and
is inseparable from another and fanciful impression: the
impression of a man holding a flame in his naked hand.
He was to me, at that moment, the supreme type of our
race, which, when it has risen above, or is sunken below,
the formalisms of half-education and the rationalisms
of conventional affirmation and denial, turns away,
The Tables of the Law
unless my hopes for the world and for the Church have
made me blind, from practicable desires and intuitions
towards desires so unbounded that no human vessel
can contain them, intuitions so immaterial. that their
sudden and far-off fire leaves heavy darkness about
hand and foot. He had the nature, which is half monk,
half soldier of fortune, and must needs turn action into
dreaming, and dreaming into action; and for such there
is no order, no finality, no contentment in this world.
When he and I had been students in Paris, we had belonged
to a little group which devoted itself to speculations
about alchemy and mysticism. More orthodox in
most of his beliefs than Michael Robartes, he had surpassed
him in a fanciful hatred of all life, and this hatred
had found expression in the curious paradox-half
borrowed from some fanatical monk, half invented by
himself-that the beautiful arts were sent into the world
to overthrow nations, and finally life herself, by sowing
everywhere unlimited desires, like torches thrown
into a burning city. This idea was not at the time, I
believe, more than a paradox, a plume of the pride of
youth; and it was only after his return to Ireland that
he endured the fermentation of belief which is coming~
upon our people with the reawakening of their imaginative
life.
Presently he stood up, saying, 'Come, and I will
show you why; you at any rate will understand,' and
taking candles from the table, he lit the way into the
long paved passage that led to his private chape1. We
passed between the portraits of the Jesuits and priests
-some of no little fame-his family had given to the
294
'The 'Tables of the Law
Church; and engravings and photographs of pictures
that had especially moved him; and the few paintings
his small fortune, eked out by an almost penurious
abstinence from the things most men desire, had enabled
him to buy in his travels. The photographs
and engravings were from the masterpieces of many
schools; but in all the beauty, whether it was a beauty
of religion, of love, or of some fantastical vision of
mountain and wood, was the beauty achieved by
temperaments which seek always an absolute emotion,
and which have their most continual, though not most
perfect, expression in the legends and vigils and music
of the Celtic peoples. The certitude of a fierce or
gracious fervour in the enraptured faces of the angels
of Francesca, and in the august faces of the sibyls
of Michaelangelo; and the incertitude, as of souls
trembling between the excitement of the spirit and the
excitement of the flesh, in wavering faces from frescoes
in the churches of Siena, and in the faces like thin flames,
imagined by the modern symbolists and Pre-Raphaelites,
had often made that long, grey, dim, empty, echoing
passage become to my eyes a vestibule of eternity.
'II Almost every detail of the chapel, which we entered
by a narrow Gothic door, whose threshold had been
worn smooth by the secret worshippers of the penal
times, was vivid in my memory; for it was in this
chapel that I had first, and when but a boy, been moved
by the mediaevalism which is now, I think, the governing
influence in my life. The only thing that seemed
new was a square bronze box which stood upon the
altar before the six unlighted candles and the ebony
295
'The 'Tables of the Law
crucifix, and was like those made in ancient times of
more precious substances to hold the sacred books.
Aherne made me sit down on an oak bench, and having
bowed very low before the crucifix, took the bronze
box from the altar, and sat down beside me with the
box upon his knees.
'You will perhaps have forgotten,' he said, 'most of
what you have read about Joachim of Flora, for he is
little more than a name to even the well-read. He was
an abbot in Cortale in the twelfth century, and is best
known for his prophecy, in a book called Expositio in
Apocalypsin, that the Kingdom of the Father was past,
the Kingdom of the Son passing, the Kingdom of the
Spirit yet to come. The Kingdom of the Spirit was to
be a complete triumph of the Spirit, the spiritualis
intelligentia he called it, over the dead letter. He had
many followers among the more extreme Franciscans,
and these were accused of possessing a secret book of
his called the Liber inducens in Evangelium aeternum.
Again and again groups of visionaries were accused of
possessing this terrible book, in which the freedom of
the Renaissance lay hidden, until at last Pope Alexander
IV. had it found and cast into the flames. I have her,~
the greatest treasure the world contains. I have a copy
of that book; and see what great artists have made the
robes in which it is wrapped. This bronze box was
made by Benvenuto Cellini, who covered it with gods
and demons, whose eyes are closed to signify an absorption
in the inner light.' He lifted the lid and took
out a book bound in leather, covered with filigree work
of tarnished silver. 'And this cover was bound by one
The Tables of the Law
of the binders that bound for Canevari; while Giulio
Clovio, an artist of the later Renaissance, whose work
is soft and gentle, took out the beginning page of every
chapter of the old copy, and set in its place a page surmounteq
by an elaborate letter and a miniature of some
one of the great whose example was cited in the chapter;
and wherever the writing left a little space elsewhere,
he put some delicate emblem or intricate pattern.'
I took the book in my hands and began turning over
the gildecl., many-coloured pages, holding it close to
the.candle to discover the texture of the paper.
'Where did you get this amazing book?' I said. 'If
genuine, and I cannot judge by this light, you have discovered
one of the most precious things in the world.'
'It is certainly genuine,' he replied. 'When the original
was destroyed, one copy alone remained, and was
in the hands of a lute-player of Florence, and from him
it passed to his son, and so from generation to generation
until it came to the lute-player who was father to
Benvenuto Cellini, and from him it passed to Giulio
Clovio, and from Giulio Clovio to a Roman engraver;
and then from generation to generation, the story ofits
-wandering passing on with it, until it came into the
possession of the family of Aretino, and so Giulio Aretino,
an artist and worker in metals, and student of the
cabbalistic reveries of Pi co della Mirandola. He spent
many nights with me at Rome, discussing philosophy;
and at last I won his confidence so perfectly that he
showed me this, his greatest treasure; and, finding how
much I valued it, and feeling that he himself was growing
old and beyond the help of its teaching, he sold it
297
The Tables OJ the Law
to me for no great sum, considering its great preciousness.'
'What is the doctrine?' 1 said. 'Some mediaeval strawsplitting
about the nature of the Trinity, which is only
useful to-day to show how many things are unimportant
to us, which once shook the world?'
'1 could never make you understand,' he said with
a sigh, 'that nothing is unimportant in belief, but even
you will admit that this book goes to the heart. Do you
see the tables on which the commandments were written
in Latin?' I looked to the end of the room, oppo.site
to the altar, and saw that the two marble tablets were
gone, and that two large empty tablets of ivory, like
large copies of the little tablets we set over our desks,
had taken their place. 'It has swept the commandments
of the Father away,' he went on, 'and displaced the
commandments of the Son by the commandments of
the Holy Spirit. The first book is called Fractura Tahularum.
In the first chapter it mentions the names of the
great artists who made them graven things and the
likeness of many things, and adored them and served
them; and the second the names of the great wits who
took the name of the Lord their God in vain; and that
long third chapter, set with the emblems of sanctified
faces, and having wings upon its borders, is the praise
of breakers of the seventh day and wasters of the six
days, who yet lived comely and pleasant days. Those
two chapters tell of men and women who railed upon
their parents, remembering that their god was older
than the god of their parents; and that which has the
sword of Michael for an emblem commends the kings
The Tables of the Law
that wrought secret murder and so won for their people
a peace that was amore somnoque grayata et yestihus
yersicolorihus, "heavy with love and sleep and manycoloured
raiment"; and that with the pale star at the
closing has the lives of the noble youths who loved the
wives of others and were transformed into memories,
which have transformed many poorer hearts into sweet
flames; and that with the winged head is the history of
the robbers who lived upon the sea or in the desert,
lives which it compares to the twittering of the string
of a, bow, neryi stridentis ins tar; and those two last, that
are :fire and gold, and devoted to the satirists who bore
false witness against their neighbours and yet illustrated
eternal wrath, and to those that have coveted more
than other men wealth and women, and have thereby
and therefore mastered and magnified great empires.
'The second book, which is called Straminis Deflagratio,
recounts the conversations Joachim of Flora
held in his monastery at Cortale, and afterwards in his
monastery in the mountains of La Sila, with travellers
and pilgrims, upon the laws of many countries; how
chastity was a virtue and robbery a little thing in such
a.land, and robbery a crime and unchastity a little thing
in. such a land; and of the persons who had flung themselves
upon these laws and become decussa yeste Dei
sidera, stars shaken out of the raiment of God.
'The third book, which is the close, is called Lex
Secreta, and describes the true inspiration of action, the
only Eternal Evangel; and ends with a vision, which he
saw among the mountains of La Sila, of his disciples
sitting throned in the blue deep of the air, and laughing
299
The Tables of the Law
aloud, with a laughter that was like the rustling of the
wings of Time: Coelis in coeruleis ridentes sedebant discipuli
me.i super th,r onos: talis erat risus, qualis temp oris
pennatl susurrus.
'I know little of Joachim of Flora,' I said, 'except
that Dante set him in Paradise among the great doctors.
If he held a heresy so singular, I cannot understand
how no rumours of it came to the ears of Dante;
and Dante made no peace with the enemies of the
Church.'
'J oachim of Flora acknowledged openly the aw.:hority
of the Church, and even asked that all his published
writings, and those to be published by his desire
after his death, should be submitted to the censorship of
the Pope. He considered that those whose work was to
live and not to reveal were children and that the Pope
was their father; but he taught in secret that certain
others, and in always increasing numbers, were elected,
not to live, but to reveal that hidden substance of God
which is colour and music and softness and a sweet
odour; and that these have no father but the Holy
Spirit. Just as poets and painters and musicians labour
at their works, building them with lawless and lawf.ll
things alike, so long as they embody the beauty that is
beyond the grave, these children of the Holy Spirit
labour at their moments with eyes upon the shining
substance on which Time has heaped the refuse of creation;
for the world only exists to be a tale in the ears of
coming generations; and terror and content, birth and
death, love and hatred, and the fruit of the Tree, are
but instruments for that supreme art which is to win
300
'The 'Tables of the Law
us from life and gather us into eternity like doves into
their dove-cots.
'I shall go away in a little while and travel into many
lands, that I may know all accidents and destinies, and
when I return, will write my secret law upon those
ivory tablets, just as poets and romance-writers have
written the principles of their art in prefaces; and will
gather pupils about me that they may discover their law
in the study of my law, and the Kingdom of the Holy
Spirit be more widely and firmly established.'
l;Te was pacing up and down, and I listened to the
fervour of his words and watched the excitement of his
gestures with not a little concern. I had been accustomed
to welcome the most singular speculations, and
had always found them as harmless as the Persian cat,
who half closes her meditative eyes and stretches out
her long claws, before my fire. But now I would battle
in the interests of orthodoxy, even of the commonplace;
and yet could find nothing better to say than: 'It is
not necessary to judge everyone by the law, for we
have also Christ's commandment of love.'
He turned and said, looking at me with shining eyes:
• 'Jonathan Swift made a soul for the gentlemen of this
city by hating his neighbour as himself.'
. 'At any rate, you cannot deny that to teach so
dangerous a doctrine is to accept a terrible responsibility.'
'Leonardo da Vinci,' he replied, 'has this noble sentence:
"The hope and desire of returning home to one's
former state is like the moth's desire for the light; and
the man who with constant longing awaits each new
301
The Tables of the Law
month and new year, deeming that the things he longs
for are ever too late in coming, does not perceive that
he is longing for his own destruction." How then can
the pathway which will lead us into the heart of God
be other than dangerous? Why should you, who are no
materialist, cherish the con tin ui ty and order of the world
as those do who have only the world? You do not value
the writers who will express nothing unless their reason
understands how it will make what is called the right
more easy; why, then, will you deny a like freedom to
the supreme art, the art which is the foundation of all
arts? Yes, I shall send out of this chapel saints, lovers,
rebels, and prophets: souls thatwill surround themselves
with peace, as with a nest made with grass; and others
over whom I shall weep. The dust shall fall for many
years over this little box; and then I shall open it; and
the tumults which are, perhaps, the flames of the Last
Day shall come from under the lid.'
. I did not reason with him that night, because his excitement
was great and I feared to make him angry;
and when I called at his house a few days later, he was
gone and his house was locked up and empty. I have
deeply regretted my failure both to combat his heresy
and to test the genuineness of his strange book. Sinc~
my conversion I have indeed done penance for an err~r
which I was only able to measure after some years.
II
I was walking along one of the Dublin quays, on the
side nearest the river, about ten years after our conver-
302
The Tables of the Law
sation, stopping from time to time to tum over the works
upon an old bookstall, and thinking, curiously enough,
of the terrible destiny of Michael Robartes, and his
brotherhood, when I saw a tall and bent man walking
slowly along the other side of the quay. I recognised,
with a start, in a lifeless mask with dim eyes, the once
resolute and delicate face of Owen Aherne. I crossed
the quay quickly, but had not gone many yards before
he turned away, as though he had seen me, and hurried
down a side street; I followed, but only to lose him
among the intricate streets on the north side of the
river. During the next few weeks I inquired of everybody
who had once known him, but he had made himself
known to nobody; and I knocked, without result,
at the door of his old house; and had nearly persuaded
myself that I was mistaken, when I saw him again in a
narrow street behind the Four Courts, and followed
him to the door of his house.
I laid my hand on his arm; he turned quite without
surprise; and indeed it is possible that to him, whose
inner life had soaked up the outer life, a parting of years
was a parting from forenoon to afternoon. He stood
h.olding the door half open, as though he would keep
me from entering; and would perhaps have parted from
m~ without further words had I not said: 'Owen
Aherne, you trusted me once, will you not trust me
again, and tell me what has come of the ideas we discussed
in this house ten years agor-but perhaps you
have already forgotten them:
'You have a right to hear,' he said, 'for since I have
told you the ideas, I should tell you the extreme danger
The Tables of the Law
they contain, or rather the boundless wickedness they
contain; but when you have heard this we must part,
and part for ever, because I am lost, and must be
hidden!'
I followed him through the paved passage, and saw
that its corners were choked with dust and cobwebs;
and that the pictures were grey with dust and shrouded
with cobwebs; and that the dust and cobwebs which
covered the ruby and sapphire of the saints on the window
had made it very dim. He pointed to where the
i vary tablets glimmered faintly in the dimness, alld I
saw that they were covered with small writing, and
went up to them and began to read the writing. It was
in Latin, and was an elaborate casuistry, illustrated with
many examples, but whether from his own life or from
the lives of others I do not know. I had read but a few
sentences when I imagined that a faint perfume had
begun to fill the room, and turning round asked Owen
Aherne if he were lighting the incense.
'N 0,' he replied, and pointed where the thurib1e lay
rusty and empty on one of the benches; as he spoke the
faint perfume seemed to vanish, and I was persuaded I
had imagined it.
'Has the philosophy of the Liber inducens in Evangelium
aeternum made you very unhappy?' I said.
'At first I was full of happiness,' he replied, 'for I felt
a divine ecstasy, an immortal fire in every passion, in
every hope, in every desire, in every dream; and I saw,
in the shadows under leaves, in the hollow waters, in
the eyes of men and women, its image, as in a mirror;
and it was as though I was about to touch the Heart of
'The 'Tables of the Law
God: Then all changed and I was full of misery; and in
my misery it was revealed to me that man can only come
to that Heart through the sense of separation from it
which we call sin, and I understood that I could not sin,
because Lhad discovered the law of my being, and could
only express or fail to express my being, and I understood
that God has made a simple and an arbitrary law
that we may sin and repent!'
He had sat down on one of the wooden benches and
now became silent, his bowed head and hanging arms
and. listless body having more of dejection than any
image I have met with in life or in any art. I went and
stood leaning against the altar, and watched him, not
knowing what I should say; and I noticed his black
closely-buttoned coat, his short hair, and shaven head,
which preserved a memory of his priestly ambition, and
understood how Catholicism had seized him in the midst
of the vertigo he called philosophy; and I noticed his
lightless eyes and his earth-coloured complexion, and
understood how she had failed to do more than hold
him on the margin: and I was full of an anguish of pity.
'It may be,' he went on, 'that the angels who have
karts of the Divine Ecstasy, and bodies of the Divine
Intellect, need nothing but a thirst for the immortal elem~
nt, in hope, in desire, in dreams; but we whose hearts
perish every moment, and whose bodies melt away like
a sigh, must bow and obey!'
I went nearer to him and said, 'Prayer and repentance
will make you like other men.'
'No" no' he said , 'I am not among those for whom
Christ died, and this is why I must be hidden. I have a
305
The Tables of the Law
leprosy that even eternity cannot cure. I have seen the
whole, and how can I come again to believe that a part
is the whole? I have lost my soul because I have looked
out of the eyes of the angels.'
Suddenly I saw, or imagined that I saw, the room
darken, and faint figures robed in purple, and lifting
faint torches with arms that gleamed like silver, bending
above Owen Aherne; and I saw, or imagined that
I saw, drops, as of burning gum, fall from the torches,
and a heavy purple smoke, as of incense, come pouring
from the flames and sweeping about us. Owen Aherne,
more happy than I who have been half initiated into the
Order of the Alchemical Rose, or protected perhaps by
his great piety, had sunk again into dejection and listlessness,
and saw none of these things; but my knees
shook under me, for the purple-robed figures were less
faint every moment, and now I could hear the hissing
of the gum in the torches. They did not appear to see
me, for their eyes were upon Owen Aherne; now and
again I could hear them s1gh as though with sorrow for
his sorrow, and presently I heard words which I could
not understand except that they were words of sorrow,
and sweet as though immortal was talking to immort<:ll.
Then one of them waved her torch, and all the torches
waved, and for a moment it was as though some gr~at
bird made of flames had fluttered its plumage, and a
voice crled as from far up in the air, 'He has charged
even his angels with folly, and they also bow and obey;
but let your heart mingle with our hearts, which are
wrought of Divine Ecstasy, and your body with our
bodies, which are wrought of Divine Intellect.' And at
306
The Tables of the Law
that cry I understood that the Order of the Alchemical
Ros~ was not of this earth, and that it was still seeking
over this earth for whatever souls it could gather within
its glittering.net; and when all the faces turned towards
me, and I saw the mild eyes and the unshaken eyelids, I
was full of terror, and thought they were about to fling
their torches upon me, so that all I held dear, all that
bound me to spiritual and social order, would be burnt
up, and my soul left naked and shivering among the
winds that blow from beyond this world and from beyond
the stars; and then a voice cried, 'Why do you fly
from our torches that were made out of the trees under
which Christ wept in the Garden of Gethsemane? Why
do you fly from our torches that were made out of
sweet wood, after it had perished from the world?'
It was not until the door of the house had closed behind
my flight, and the noise of the street was breaking
on my ears, that I came back to myself and to a little of
my courage; and I have never dared to pass the house
of Owen Aherne from that day, even though I believe
him to have been driven into some distant country by
the spirits whose name is legion, and whose throne is in
the indefinite abyss, and whom he obeys and cannot see.
'The eA.doration of the ciJV[agi
THE ADORATION OF THE MAGI
I WAS sitting reading late into the night a little after my
last meeting with Aherne, when I heard a light knocking
on my front door; and found upon the doorstep
three very old men with stout sticks in their hands, who
said they had been told I would be up and about, and
that they were to tell me important things. I brought
them into my study, and when the peacock curtains had
closed behind us, I set their chairs for them close tQ the
fire, for I saw that the frost was on their great-coats of
frieze and upon the long beards that flowed almost to
their waists. They took off their great-coats, and leaned
over the fire warming their hands, and I saw that their
clothes had much of the country of our time, but a little
also, as it seemed to me, of the town life of a more
courtly time. When they had warmed themselves-and
they warmed themselves, I thought, less because of the
cold of the night than because of a pleasure in warmth
for the sake of warmth-they turned towards me, so
that the light of the lamp fell full upon their weatherbeaten
faces, and told the story I am about to tell. NQW
one talked and now another, and they often interrup.ted
one another, with a desire, like that of countrymen,
when they tell a story, to leave no detail untold. When
they had finished they made me take notes of whatever
conversation they had quoted, so that I might have the
exact words, and got up to go, and when I asked them
where they were going, and what they were doing, and
by what names I should call them, they would tell me
The eAdoration of the eJl1agi
nothing, except that they had been commanded to
travel over Ireland continually, and upon foot and at
night, that they might live close to the stones and the
trees and at the hours when the Immortals are awake.
I have. let some years go by before writing out this
story, for I am always in dread of the illusions which
come of that inquietude of the veil of the Temple, which
M. Mallarme considers a characteristic of our times; and
only write it now because I have grown to believe that
there is no dangerous idea which does not become less
dangerous when written out in sincere and careful
English.
The three old men were three brothers, who had
lived in one of the western islands from their early manhood,
and had cared all their lives for nothing except
for those classical writers and old Gaelic writers who
expounded an heroic and simple life. Night after night
in winter, Gaelic story-tellers would chant old poems
to them over the poteen; and night after night in
summer, when the Gaelic story-tellers were at work in
the fields or away at the fishing, they would read to one
another Virgil and Homer, for they would not enjoy in
sQlitude, but as the ancients enjoyed. At last a man, who
told them he was Michael Robartes, came to them in a
fishing-boat, like Saint Brendan drawn by some vision
and called by some voice; and told them of the coming
again of the gods and the ancient things; and their
hearts, which had never endured the body and pressure
of our time, but only of distant times, found nothing
unlikely in anything he told them, but accepted all
simply and were happy. Years passed, and one day,
The eA.doration oj the e7/;[agi
when the oldest of the old men, who had travelled in
his youth and thought sometimes of other lands, looked
out on the grey waters, on which the people see the dim
outline of the Islands of the Young-the Happy Islands
where the Gaelic heroes live the lives of Homer's
Phaeacians-a voice came out of the air over the waters
and told him of the death of Michael Robartes. While
they were still mourning, the next oldest of the old men
fell asleep whilst he was reading out the Fifth Eclogue
of Virgil, and a strange voice spoke through him, and
bid them set out for Paris, where a dying woman wt)uld
give them secret names and thereby so transform the
world that another Leda would open her knees to the
swan, another Achilles beleaguer Troy.
They left their island, and were at first troubled at
all they saw in the world, and came to Paris, and there
the youngest met a person in a dream, who told him
they were to wander about at hazard until those who
had been guiding their footsteps had brought them to
a street and a house, whose likeness was shown him in
the dream. They wandered hither and thither for many
days, until one morning they came into some narrow
and shabby streets, on the south of the Seine, where
women with pale faces and untidy hair looked at th~m
out of the windows; and just as they were about to turn
back because Wisdom could not have alighted in so
foolish a neighbourhood, they came to the street and
the house of the dream. The oldest of the old men, who
still remembered some of the modem languages he had
known in his youth, went up to the door and knocked,
and when he had knocked, the next in age to him said
310
The eAdoration of the c!JV[agi
it was not a good house, and could not be the house
they were looking for, and urged him to ask for somebodywhocould
not be there and go away. The doorwas
opened by an old over-dressed woman, who said, '0,
you are her three kinsmen fromlreland. She has been expecting
you all day.' The old men looked at one another
and followed her upstairs, passing doors from which
pale and untidy women thrust out their heads, and into
a room where a beautiful woman lay asleep, another
woman sitting by her.
The old woman said, 'Yes, they have come at last;
now she will be able to die in peace,' and went out.
'We have been deceived by devils,' said one of the
old men, 'for the Immortals would not speak through
a woman like this.'
'Yes,' said another, 'we have been deceived by devils,
and we must go away quickly.'
'Yes,' said the third, 'we have been deceived by
devils, but let us kneel down for a little, for we are by
the death-bed of one that has been beautiful.' They knelt
down, and the woman sitting by the bed whispered,
and as though overcome with fear, and with lowered
qead, 'At the moment when you knocked she was sudd~
nly convulsed and cried out as I have heard a woman
in childbirth and fell backward as though in a swoon.'
Then they watched for a little the face upon the pillow
and wondered at its look, as of unquenchable desire,
and at the porcelain-like refinement of the vessel in
which so malevolent a flame had burned.
Suddenly the second oldest of them crowed like a
cock, till the room seemed to shake with the crowing.
311
The c::Adoration oj the c!JI;[agi
The woman in the bed still slept on in her death-like
sleep, but the woman who sat by her head crossed herself
and grew pale, and the youngest of the old men
cried out, 'A devil has gone into him, and we must begone
or it will go into us also.' Before they could rise
from their knees, a resonant chanting voice came from
the lips that had crowed and said:-
'I am not a devil, but I am Hermes the Shepherd of
the Dead, I run upon the errands of the gods, and you
have heard my sign. The woman who lies there has
given birth, and that which she bore has the likeness of
a unicorn and is most unlike man of all living things,
being cold, hard and virginal. It seemed to be born
dancing; and was gone from the room wellnigh upon
the instant, for it is of the nature of the unicorn to
understand the shortness of life. She does not know it
has gone, for she fell into a stupor while it danced, but
bend down your ears that you may learn the names that
it must obey.' Neither of the other two old men spoke,
but doubtless looked at the speaker with perplexity, for
the voice began again: 'When the Immortals would
overthrow the things that are to-day and bring the
things that were yesterday, they have no one to help
them, but one whom the things that are to-day have
cast out. Bow down and very low, for they have chos~n
this woman in whose heart all follies have gathered, and
in whose body all desires have awakened; this woman
who has been driven out of Time and has lain upon the
bosom of Eternity.'
The voice ended with a sigh, and immediately the
old man awoke out of sleep, and said, 'Has a voice
The r::A.doraiion of the ~agi
spoken through me, as it did when I fell asleep over my
Virgil, or have I only been asleep?'
The oldest of them said, 'A voice has spoken through
you. Where has your soul been while the voice was
speaking through you?'
'I do not know where my soul has been, but I
dreamed I was under the roof of a manger, and I looked
down and I saw an ox and an ass; and I saw a red cock
perching on the hay-rack; and a woman hugging a
child; and three old men in chain armour kneeling with
th~ir heads bowed very low in front of the woman and
the child. While I was looking the cock crowed and a
man with wings on his heels swept up through the air,
and as he passed me, cried out, "Foolish old men, you
had once all the wisdom of the stars." I do not understand
my dream or what it would have us do, but you
who have heard the voice out of the wisdom of my
sleep know what we have to do.'
Then the oldest of the old men told him they were
to take the parchments they had brought with them out
of their pockets and spread them on the ground. When
they had spread them on the ground, they took out of
their pockets their pens, made of three feathers which
had fallen from the wing of the old eagle that is believed
to have talked of wisdom with Saint Patrick.
'He meant, I think,' said the youngest, as he put their
ink-botdes by the side of the rolls of parchment, 'that
when people are good the world likes them and takes
possession of them, and so eternity comes through
people who are not good or who have been forgotten.
Perhaps Christianity was good and the world liked it,
313
The c:Adoration oj the <:OVfagi
so now it is going away and the Immortals are beginning
to awake.'
'What you say has no wisdom,' said the oldest, 'because
if there are many Immortals, there cannot be only
one Immortal.'
'Yet it seems,' said the youngest, 'that the names we
are to take down are the names of one, so it must be
that he can take many forms.'
Then the woman on the bed moved as in a dream,
and held out her arms as though to clasp the being that
had left her, and murmured names of endearment, ?nd
yet strange names, 'Harsh sweetness,' 'Dear bitterness,'
'0 solitude,' '0 terror,' and after lay still for a while.
Then her voice changed, and she, no longer afraid and
happy but seeming like any dying woman, murmured
a name so faintly that the woman who sat by the bed
bent down and put her ear close to her mouth.
The oldest of the old men said in French, 'There
must have been yet one name which she had not given
us, for she murmured a name while the spirit was going
out of the body,' and the woman said, 'She was merely
murmuring over the name of a symbolist painter she
was fond of. He used to go to something he called th~
Black Mass, and it was he who taught her to see visions
and to hear voices.' .
This is all the old men told me, and when I think of
their speech and of their silence, of their coming and of
their going, I am almost persuaded that had I followed
them out of the house, I would have found no footsteps
on the snow. They may, for all I or any man can
say, have been themselves Immortals: immortal demons,
3I 4
The r::Adoration of the r£lVfagi
c0l11:e to put an untrue story into my mind for some
purpose I do not understand. Whatever they were, I
have turned into a pathway which will lead me from
them and from the Order of the Alchemical Rose. I no
longer live an elaborate and haughty life, but seek to
lose myself among the prayers and the sorrows of the
multitude. I pray best in poor chapels, where frieze
coats brush against me as I kneel, and when I pray
against the demons I repeat a prayer which was made
I know not how many centuries ago to help some poor
Gaelic man or woman who had suffered with a suffering
like mine:-
Seacht b-pciidreacha fO seacht
Chuir Muire faoi n-a Mac,
Chuir Brighid faoi n-a brat,
Chuir Dia faoi n-a neart,
Eidir sinn' san Sluagh Sidhe,
Eidir sinn' san Sluagh Gaoith.
Seven paters seven times,
Send Mary by her Son,
Send Bridget by her mantle,
Send God by His strength,
Between us and the faery host,
Between us and the demons of the air.
THE END
31)
PER AMICA SILENTIA LUNAE
1917
PROLOGUE
My DEAR 'MAURICE'-Y ou will remember that
A afternoon in Calvados last summer when your
black Persian 'Minnaloushe,' who had walked behind
us for a good mile, heard a wing flutter in a bramblebush?
For a long time we called him endearing names
in vain. He seemed resolute to spend his night among
the brambles. He had interrupted a conversation, often
interrupted before, upon certain thoughts so long habitua1
that I may be permitted to call them my convictions.
When I came back to London my mind ran again
and again to those conversations and I could not rest
till I had written out in this little book all that I had said
or would have said. Read it some day when 'Minnaloushe'
is asleep.
W. B. YEATS
May II, 1917
EGO DOMINUS TUUS
HIe
ON :rHE GREY SAND beside the shallow stream
Under your old wind-beaten tower, where still
A lamp burns on beside the open book
That Michael Robartes left, you walk in the moon,
And, though you have passed the best of life, still trace,
Enthralled by the unconquerable delusion,
M~gical shapes.
ILLE
By the help of an image
I call to my own opposite, summon all
That I have handled least, least looked upon.
HIC
And I would find myself and not an image.
ILLE
That is our modern hope, and by its light
We have lit upon the gentle, sensitive mind
And lost the old nonchalance of the hand;
Whether we have chosen chisel, pen or brush.
We are but critics, or but half create,
Timid, entangled, empty and abashed,
Lacking the countenance of our friends.
HIC
The chief imagination of Christendom,
And yet
321
Per e.A.mica Silentia Lunae
Dante Alighieri, so utterly found himself
That he has made that hollow face of his
More plain to the mind's eye than any face
But that of Christ.
ILLE
And djd he find himself
Or was the hunger that had made it hollow
A hunger for the apple on the bough
Most out of reach? and is that spectral image
The man that Lapo and that Guido knew?
I think he fashioned from his opposite
An image that might have been a stony face
Staring upon a Bedouin's horse-hair roof
From doored and windowed cliff, or half upturned
Among the coarse grass and the camel-dung.
He set his chisel to the hardest stone.
Being mocked by Guido for his lecherous life,
Derided and deriding, driven out
To climb that stair and eat that bitter bread,
He found the unpersuadable justice, he found
The most exalted lady loved by a man.
HIe
Yet surely there are men who have made their art
Out of no tragic war, lovers of life,
Impulsive men that look for happiness
And sing when they have found it.
ILLE
No, not sing,
F or those that love the world serve it in action,
322
ego 'Dominus Tuus
Grow rich, popular and full of influence,
Arid should they paint or write, still it is action:
The struggle of the fly in marmalade.
The rhetorician would deceive his neighbours,
The sentimentalist himself; while art
Is but a vision of reality.
What portion in the world can the artist have
Who has awakened from the common dream
But dissipation and despair?
HIC
And yet
No one denies to Keats love of the world;
Remember his deliberate happiness.
lLLE
His art is happy, but who knows his mind?
I see a schoolboy when I think of him,
With face and nose pressed to a sweet-shop window,
F or certainly he sank into his grave
His senses and his heart unsatisfied,
And made-being poor, ailing and ignorant,
,Shut out from all the luxury of the world,
The coarse-bred son of a livery-stable keeperLuxuriant
song.
HIC
Why should you leave the lamp
Burning alone beside an open book,
And trace these characters upon the sands?
A style is found by sedentary toil
And by the imitation of great masters.
Per c:.A..mica Silentia Lunae
lLLE
Because I seek an image, not a book.
Those men that in their writings are most wise
Own nothing but their blind, stupefied hearts.
I call to the mysterious one who yet
Shall walk the wet sands by the edge of the stream
And look most like me, being indeed my double,
And prove of all imaginable things
The most unlike, being my anti-self,
And, standing by these characters, disclose
All that I seek; and whisper it as though
He were afraid the birds, who cry aloud
Their momentary cries before it is dawn,
Would carry it away to blasphemous men.
December 1915
324
eAnima Hominis
ANIMA HOMINIS
I
W HEN I COME HOME after meeting men who are
strange to me, and sometimes even after talking
to women, I go over all I have said in gloom and
disappointment. Perhaps I have overstated everything
from a desire to vex or startle, from hostility that is
but fear; or all my natural thoughts have been drowned
by' an undisciplined sympathy. My fellow-diners have
hardly seemed of mixed humanity, and how should I
keep my head among images of good and evil, crude
allegories?
But when I shut my door and light the candle, I
invite a marmorean Muse, an art where no thought or
emotion has come to mind because another man has
thought or felt something different, for now there must
be no reaction, action only, and the world must move
my heart but to the heart's discovery of itself, and I
begin to dream of eyelids that do not quiver before the
bayonet: all my thoughts have ease and joy, I am all
yirtue and confidence. When I come to put in rhyme
what I have found, it will be a hard toil, but for a
moment I believe I have found myself and not my antiself.
It is only the shrinking from toil, perhaps, that convinces
me that I have been no more myself than is the
cat the medicinal grass it is eating in the garden.
How could I have mistaken for myself an heroic
condition that from early boyhood has made me superstitious?
That which comes as complete, as minutely
Per eAmica Silentia Lttnae
organised, as are those elaborate, brightly lighted buildings
and sceneries appearing in a moment, as I lie 'between
sleeping and waking, must come from above me
and beyond me. At times I remember that place in
Dante where he sees in his chamber the 'Lord of
Terrible Aspect,' and how, seeming 'to rejoice inwardly
that it was a marvel to see, speaking, he said
many things among the which I could understand but
few, and of these this: ego dominus tuus'; or should
the conditions come, not, as it were, in a gesture-as
the image of a man-but in some fine landscape, it is
of Boehme, maybe, that I think, and of that country
where we 'eternally solace ourselves in the excellent
beautiful flourishing of all manner of flowers and forms,
both trees and plants, and all kinds of fruit.'
II
When I consider the minds of my friends, among
artists and emotional writers, I discover a like contrast.
I have sometimes told one close friend that her only
fault is a habit of harsh judgment with those who have
not her sympathy, and she has written comedies wher~
the wickedest people seem but bold children. She does
not know why she has created that world where no one
is ever judged, a high celebration of indulgence, but
to me it seems that her ideal of beauty is the compensating
dream of a nature wearied out by over-much
judgment. I know a famous actress who, in private life,
is like the captain of some buccaneer ship holding his
crew to good behaviour at the mouth of a blunderbuss,
e.A.nima Hominis
and upon the stage she excels in the representation of
women who stir to pity and to desire because they
need our protection, and is most adorable as one of
those young queens imagined by Maeterlinck who have
so little. will, so little self, that they are like shadows
sighing at the edge of the world. When I last saw her
in her own house she lived in a torrent of words and
movements, she could not listen, and all about her
upon the walls were women drawn by Burne-Jones in
his latest period. She had invited me in the hope that
I v.,rould defend those women, who were always listening,
and are as necessary to her as a contemplative
Buddha to a Japanese Samurai, against a French critic
who would persuade her to take into her heart in
their stead a Post-Impressionist picture of a fat, flushed
woman lying naked upon a Turkey carpet.
There are indeed certain men whose art is less an
opposing virtue than a compensation for some accident
of health or circumstance. During the riots over the first
production of The Playboy of the Western World, Synge
was confused, without clear thought, and was soon ill
-indeed the strain of that week may perhaps have
~astened his death-and he was, as is usual with gentle
and silent men, scrupulously accurate in all his statements.
In his art he made, to delight his ear and his mind's
eye, voluble daredevils who 'go romancing through a
romping lifetime ... to the dawning of the Judgment
Day.' At other moments this man, condemned to the
life of a monk by bad health, takes an amused pleasure
in 'great queens ... making themselves matches from
the start to the end.' Indeed, in all his imagination he
327
Per r.:./lmica Silentia Lunae
delights in fine physical life, in life when the moon pulls
up the tide. The last act of Deirdre of the Sorrows, where
his art is at its noblest, was written upon his death-bed.
He was not sure of any world to come, he .was leaving
his betrothed and his unwritten play-'O,. what a
waste of time,' he said to me; he hated to die, and in the
last speeches of Deirdre and in the middle act he accepted
death and dismissed life with a gracious gesture.
He gave to Deirdre the emotion that seemed to him most
desirable, most difficult, most fitting, and maybe saw in
those delighted seven years, now dwindling from qer,
the fulfilment of his O"Ml life.
III
When I think of any great poetical writer of the past
(a realist is a historian and obscures the cleavage by
the record of his eyes), I comprehend, if I know the
lineaments of his life, that the work is the man's flight
from his entire horoscope, his blind struggle in the network
of the stars. William Morris, a happy, busy, most
irascible man, described dim colour and pensive emotion,
following, beyond any man of his time, an indo;lent
Muse; while Savage Landor topped us all in calm
nobility when the pen was in his hand, as in the daily
violence of his passion when he had laid it down. He
had in his Imaginary Conversations reminded us, as it
were, that the Venus de Milo is a stone, and yet he
wrote when the copies did not come from the printer as
soon as he expected: 'I have ... had the resolution to
tear in pieces all my sketches and projects and to foreAnima
Hominis
swear all future undertakings. I have tried to sleep away
my'time and pass two-thirds of the twenty-four hours
in bed. I may speak of myself as a dead man.' I imagine
Keats to have been born with that thirst for luxury
common to many at the outsetting of the Romantic
Movement, and not able, like wealthy Beckford, to
slake it with beautiful and strange objects. It drove him
to imaginary delights; ignorant, poor, and in poor
health, and not perfectly well-bred, he knew himself
driven from tangible luxury; meeting Shelley, he was
res.entful and suspicious because he, as Leigh Hunt
recalls, 'being a little too sensitive on the score of his
origin, felt inclined to see in every man of birth his
natural enemy.'
IV
Some thirty years ago I read a prose allegory by
Simeon Solomon, long out of print and unprocurable,
and remember or seem to remember a sentence, 'a
hollow image of fulfilled desire.' All happy art seems to
me that hollow image, but when its lineaments express
also the poverty or the exasperation that set its maker to
the work, we call it tragic art. Keats but gave us his
dream of luxury; but while reading Dante we never
long escape the conflict, partly because the verses are at
moments a mirror of his history, and yet more because
that history is so clear and simple that it has the quality
of art. I am no Dante scholar, and I but read him in
Shadwell or in Dante Rossetti, but I am always persuaded
that he celebrated the most pure lady poet ever
sung and the Divine Justice, not merely because death
Per eAmica Silentia Lunae
took that lady and Florence banished her singer, but
because he had to struggle in his own heart with his'unjust
anger and his lust; while, unlike those of the great
poets who are at peace with the world and ·at war with
themselves, he fought a double war. 'Always,' says
Boccaccio, 'both in youth and maturity he found room
among his virtues for lechery'; or as Matthew Arnold
preferred to change the phrase, 'his conduct was exceeding
irregular.' Guido Cavalcanti, as Rossetti translates
him, finds 'too much baseness' in his friend:-
And still thy speech of me, heartfelt and kind,
Hath made me treasure up thy poetry;
But now I dare not, for thy abject life,
Make manifest that I approve thy rhymes.
And when Dante meets Beatrice in Eden, does she
not reproach him because, when she had taken her presenceaway,
he followed, in spite of warning dreams, false
images, and now, to save him in his own despite, she
has 'visited ... the Portals of the Dead,' and chosen
Virgil for his courier? While Gino da Pistoia complains
that in his Commedia his 'lovely heresies ... beat the
right down and let the wrong go free':-
Therefore his vain decrees, wherein he lied,
Must be like empty nutshells flung aside;
Yet through the rash false witness set to grow,
French and Italian vengeance on such pride
May fall like Antony on Cicero.
Dante himself sings to Giovanni Guirino 'at the
approach of death':-
330
The King) by whose rich grave his servants be
With plenty beyond measure set to dwell,
r::Anima Hominis
Ordains that I my bitter wrath dispel,
And lift mine eyes to the great Consistory.
v
We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but
of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry. Unlike the rhetoricians,
who get a confident voice from remembering
the crowd they have won or may win, we sing amid our
uncertainty; and, smitten even in the presence of the
most high beauty by the knowledge of our solitude, our
rhythm shudders. I think, too, that no fine poet, no
matter how disordered his life, has ever, even in his
mere life, had pleasure for his end. Johnson and Dowson,
friends of my youth, were dissipated men, the one a
drunkard, the other a drunkard and mad about women,
and yet they had the gravity of men who had found life
out and were awakening from the dream; and both, one
in life and art and one in art and less in life, had a continual
preoccupation with religion. Nor has any poet I
have read of or heard of or met with been a sentimentalist.
The other self, the anti-self or the antithetical self,
as one may choose to name it, comes but to those who
~re no longer deceived, whose passion is reality. The
sentimentalists are practical men who believe in money,
in position, in a marriage bell, and whose understanding
of happiness is to be so busy whether at work or at play
that all is forgotten but the momentary aim. They find
their pleasure in a cup that is filled from Lethe's wharf,
and for the awakening, for the vision, for the revelation
of reality, tradition offers us a different word--ecstasy.
33 1
Per eA.mica Silentia Lttnae
An old artist wrote to me of his wanderings by the
quays of New York, and how he found there a woman
nursing a sick child, and drew her story from her. She
spoke, too, of other children who had died: a long tragic
story. 'I wanted to paint her,' he wrote; 'ifI denied myself
any of the pain I could not believe in my own
ecstasy.' We must not make a false faith by hiding from
our thoughts the causes of doubt, for faith is the highest
achievement of the human intellect, the only gift
man can make to God, and therefore it must be offered
in sincerity. Neither must we create, by hiding uglin~ss,
a false beauty as our offering to the world. He only can
create the greatest imaginable beauty who has endured
all imaginable pangs, for only when we have seen and
foreseen what we dread shall we be rewarded by that
dazzling, unforeseen, wing-footed wanderer. We could
not find him if he were not in some sense of our being,
and yet of our being but as water with fire, a noise with
silence. He is of all things not impossible the most difficult,
for that only which comes easily can never be a
portion of our being; 'soon got, soon gone,' as the
proverb says. I shall find the dark grow luminous, the
void fruitful when I understand I have nothing, tha;t
the ringers in the tower have appointed for the hymen
of the soul a passing bell.
The last knowledge has often come most quickly to
turbulent men, and for a season brought new turbulence.
When life puts away her conjuring tricks one by
one, those that deceive us longest may well be the
wine-cup and the sensual kiss, for our Chambers of
Commerce and of Commons have not the divine archi-
332
c:Anima Hominis
tecture of the body, nor has their frenzy been ripened
by the sun. The poet, because he may not stand within
the sacred house but lives amid the whirlwinds that
beset its threshold, may find his pardon.
VI
I think the Christian saint and hero, instead of being
merely dissatisfied, make deliberate sacrifice. I remember
reading once an autobiography of a man who had
ma~de a daring journey in disguise to Russian exiles in
Siberia, and his telling how, very timid as a child, he
schooled himself by wandering at night through dangerous
streets. Saint and hero cannot be content to pass
at moments to that hollow image and after become their
heterogeneous selves, but would always, if they could,
resemble the antithetical self. There is a shadow of type
on type, for in all great poetical styles there is saint or
hero, but when it is all over Dante can return to his
chambering and Shakespeare to his 'pottle-pot.' They
sought no impossible perfection but when they handled
paper or parchment. So too will saint or hero, because
he works in his own flesh and blood and not in paper or
parchment, have more deliberate understanding of that
o'ther flesh and blood.
Some years ago I began to believe that our culture,
with its doctrine of sincerity and self-realisation, made
us gentle and passive, and that the Middle Ages and
the Renaissance were right to found theirs upon the
imitation of Christ or of some classic hero, Saint Francis
and Caesar Borgia made themselves overmastering,
333
Per c:.Amica Silentia Lunae
creative persons by turning from the mirror to meditation
upon a mask. When I had this thought I could see
nothing else in life. I could not write the play I had
planned, for all became allegorical, and though I tore
up hundreds of pages in my endeavour to escape from
allegory, my imagination became sterile for nearly five
years and I only escaped at last when I had mocked in
a comedy my own thought. I was always thinking of
the element of imitation in style and in life, and of the
life beyond heroic imitation. I find in an old diary: 'I
think all happiness depends on the energy to asslJ,me
the mask of some other life, on a re-birth as something
not one's self, something created in a moment and perpetually
renewed; in playing a game like that of a child
where one loses the infinite pain of self-realisation,
in a grotesque or solemn painted face put on that
one may hide from the terror of judgment .... Perhaps
all the sins and energies of the world are but the
world's flight from an infinite blinding beam'; and
again at an earlier date: 'If we cannot imagine ourselves
as different from what we are, and try to assume that
second self, we cannot impose a discipline upon ourselves
though we may accept one from others. Activ,e
virtue, as distinguished from the passive acceptance of
a code, is therefore theatrical, consciously dramati~,
the wearing of a mask. . . . Wordsworth, great poet
though he be, is so often flat and heavy partly because
his moral sense, being a discipline he had not created,
a mere obedience, has no theatrical element. This increases
his popularity with the better kind of journalists
and politicians who have written books.'
334
r::Anima Hominis
VII
I thought the hero found hanging upon some oak of
Dodona an ~mcient mask, where perhaps there lingered
somethi~g of Egypt, and that he changed it to his fancy,
touching it a little here and there, gilding the eyebrows
or putting a gilt line where the cheek-bone comes; that
when at last he looked out of its eyes he knew another's
breath came and went within his breath upon the
carven lips, and that his eyes were upon the instant
fixed upon a visionary world: how else could the god
have come to us in the forest? The good, unlearned
books say that He who keeps the distant stars within
His fold comes without intermediary, but Plutarch's
precepts and the experience of old women in Soho,
ministering their witchcraft to servant-girls at a shilling
apiece, will have it that a strange living man may win
for DaimonI an illustrious dead man; but now I add
another thought: the Daimon comes not as like to like
but seeking hs own opposite, for man and Daimon
feed the hunger in one another's hearts. Because the
ghost is simple, the man heterogeneous and confused,
they are but knit together when the man has found a
~ask whose lineaments permit the expression of all the
man most lacks, and it may be dreads, and of that only.
The more insatiable in all desire, the more resolute
to refuse deception or an easy victory, the more close
I I could not distinguish at the time between the permanent
Daimon and the impermanent, who may be 'an illustrious dead
man,' though I knew the distinction was there. I shall deal with
the matter in A Vision. February 1924.
335
Per e.A.mica Silentia Lunae
will be the bond, the more violent and definite the
antipathy.
VIII
I think that all religious men have believed that there
is a hand not ours in the events of life, and that, as somebody
says in Wilhelm Meister, accident is destiny; and
I think it was Heraclitus who said: the Daimon is our
destiny. When I think of life as a struggle with the
Daimon who would ever set us to the hardest work
among those not impossible, I understand why there
is a deep enmity between a man and his destiny, and
why a man loves nothing but his destiny. In an AngloSaxon
poem a certain man is called, as though to call
him something that summed up all heroism, 'Doom
eager.' I am persuaded that the Daimon delivers and
deceives us, and that he wove that netting from the
stars and threw the net from his shoulder. Then my
imagination runs from Daimon to sweetheart, and I
divine an analogy that evades the intellect. I remember
that Greek antiquity has bid us look for the principal
stars, that govern enemy and sweetheart alike, among
those that are about to set, in the Seventh House a,s
the astrologers say; and that it may be 'sexual love,'
which is 'founded upon spiritual hate,' is an image of
the warfare of man and Daimon; and I even wonder
if there may not be some secret communion, some
whispering in the dark between Daimon and sweetheart.
I remember how often women when in love
grow superstitious, and believe that they can bring
their lovers good luck; and I remember an old Irish
eAnima Hominis
story of three young men who went seeking for help
in battle into the house of the gods at Slieve-na-mon.
'You must first be married,' some god told them, 'because
a man?s good or evil luck comes to him through
a woman.'
I sometimes fence for half an hour at the day's end,
and when I close my eyes upon the pillow I see a foil
playing before me, the button to my face. We meet
always in the deep of the mind, whatever our work,
wherever our reverie carries us, that other Will.
IX
The poet finds and makes his mask in disappointment,
the hero in defeat. The desire that is satisfied is
not a great desire, nor has the shoulder used all its
might that an unbreakable gate has never strained. The
saint alone is not deceived, neither thrusting with his
shoulder nor holding out unsatisfied hands. He would
climb without wandering to the antithetical self of the
world, the Indian narrowing his thought in meditation
or driving it away in contemplation, the Christian
copying Christ, the antithetical self of the classic world.
F.or a hero loves the world till it breaks him, and the
poet till it has broken faith; but while the world was
yet debonair, the saint has turned away, and because
he renounced experience itself, he will wear his mask
as he finds it. The poet or the hero, no matter upon
what bark they found their mask, so teeming their
fancy, somewhat change its lineaments, but the saint,
whose life is but a round of customary duty, needs
337
Per c:Amica Silentia Lunae
nothing the whole world does not need, and day by
day he scourges in his body the Roman and Christian
conquerors: Alexander and Caesar are famished in his
cell. His nativity is neither in disappointment nor in
defeat, but in a temptation like that of Christ in the
Wilderness, a contemplation in a single instant perpetually
renewed of the Kingdoms of the World; allbecause
all renounced-continually present showing
their empty thrones. Edwin Ellis, remembering that
Christ also measured the sacrifice, imagined himself in
a fine poem as meeting at Golgotha the phantom of
'Christ the Less,' the Christ who might have lived a
prosperous life without the knowledge of sin, and who
now wanders 'companionless, a weary spectre day and
night.'
I saw him go and cried to him,
'Eli, thou hast forsaken me.'
The nails were burning through each limb,
He fled to find felicity.
And yet is the saint spared-despite his martyr's
crown and his vigil of desire--defeat, disappointed
love, and the sorrow of parting.
o Night, that didst lead thus,
o Night, more lovely than the dawn of light,
o Night, that broughtest us
Lover to lover's sight,
Lover vlith loved in marriage of delight!
Upon my flowery breast,
Wholly for him, and save himself for none,
There did I give sweet rest
c:Anima Hominis
To my beloved one;
The fanning of the cedars breathed thereon.
When the first morning air
Blew from the tower, and waved his locks aside,
H}s hand, with gentle care,
Did wound me in the side,
And in my body all my senses died.
All things I then forgot,
My cheek on him who for my coming came;
All ceased and I was not,
Leaving my cares and shame
Among the lilies, and forgetting them. I
x
It is not permitted to a man who takes up pen or
chisel, to seek originality, for passion is his only business,
and he cannot but mould or sing after a new
fashion because no disaster is like another. He is like
those phantom lovers in the Japanese play who, compelled
to wander side by side and never mingle, cry:
'We neither wake nor sleep and, passing our nights in
a sorrow which is in the end a vision, what are these
scenes of spring to us?' If when we have found a mask
we fancy that it will not match our mood till we have
touched with gold the cheek, we do it furtively, and
only where the oaks of Dodona cast their deepest
shadow, for could he see our handiwork the Daimon
would fling himself out, being our enemy.
I Translated by Arthur Symons from 'San Juan de la Cruz'.
339
Per c:.Amica Silentia Lunae
XI
Many years ago I saw, between sleeping and waking,
a woman of incredible beauty shooting an arrow into
the sky, and from the moment when I made.my first
guess at her meaning I have thought much of the difference
between the winding movement of Nature and the
straight line, which is called in Balzac's Seraphita the
'Mark of Man,' but is better described as the mark of
saint or sage. I think that we who are poets and artists,
not being permitted to shoot beyond the tangible, ITl-ust
go from desire to weariness and so to desire again, and
live but for the moment when vision comes to our
weariness like terrible lightning, in the humility of the
brutes. I do not doubt those heaving circles, those
winding arcs, whether in one man's life or in that of
an age, are mathematical, and that some in the world,
or beyond the world, have foreknown the event and
pricked upon the calendar the life-span of a Christ, a
Buddha, a Napoleon: that every movement, in feeling
or in thought, prepares in the dark by its own increasing
clarity and confidence its own executioner. We seek
reality with the slow toil of our weakness and are
smitten from the boundless and the unforeseen. Only
when we are saint or sage, and renounce experience
itself, can we, in imagery of the Christian Cabbala, leave
the sudden lightning and the path of the serpent and
become the bowman who aims his arrow at the centre
of the sun.
340
eAnima Hominis
XII
The doctors of medicine have discovered that certain
dreams of the night, for I do not grant them all,
are the d.ay's unfulfilled desire, and that our terror of
desires condemned by the conscience has distorted and
disturbed our dreams. They have only studied the
breaking into dream of elements that have remained
unsatisfied without purifying discouragement. We can
satisfy in life a few of our passions and each passion
but. a little, and our characters indeed but differ because
no two men bargain alike. The bargain, the compromise,
is always threatened, and when it is broken
we become mad or hysterical or are in some way deluded;
and so when a starved or banished passion shows
in a dream we, before awaking, break the logic that
had given it the capacity of action and throw it into
chaos again. But the passions, when we know that they
cannot find fulfilment, become vision; and a vision,
whether we wake or sleep, prolongs its power by
rhythm and pattern, the wheel where the world is
butterfly. We need no protection, but it does, for if we
~ecome interested in ourselves, in our own lives, we
pass out of the vision. Whether it is we or the vision
that create the pattern, who set the wheel turning, it is
hard to say, but certainly we have a hundred ways of
keeping it near us: we select our images from past
times, we tum from our own age and try to feel
Chaucer nearer than the daily paper. It compels us to
cover all it cannot incorporate, and would carry us
when it comes in sleep to that moment when even sleep
HI
Per r::Amica Silentia Lunae
closes her eyes and dreams begin to dream; and we are
taken up into a clear light and are forgetful even o"f our
own names and actions and yet in perfect possession
of ourselves murmur like Faust, 'Stay, moment,' and
murmur in vain.
XIII
A poet, when he is growing old, will ask himself if
he cannot keep his mask and his vision without new
bitterness, new disappointment. Could he if he would,
knowing how frail his vigour from youth up, c~py
Landor who lived loving and hating, ridiculous and
unconquered, into extreme old age, all lost but the
favour of his Muses?
The Mother of the Muses, we are taught,
Is Memory; she has left me; they remain,
And shake my shoulder, urging me to sing.
Surely, he may think, now that I have found vision
and mask I need not suffer any long~r. He will buy
perhaps some small old house, where, like Ariosto, he
can dig his garden, and think that in the return of birds
and leaves, or moon and sun, and in the evening flight
of the rooks he may discover rhythm and pattern lik.>e
those in sleep and so never awake out of vision. Then
he will remember Wordsworth withering into eighty
years, honoured and empty-witted, and climb to some
waste room and find, forgotten there by youth, some
bitter crust.
February 25, 1917
c:Animi c!Jl1undi
ANIMA MUNDI
I
If HAV~ ALWAYS SOUGHT to bring my mind close to the
lL mind of Indian and Japanese poets, old women in
Connacht, mediums in Soho, lay brothers whom I
imagine dreaming in some mediaeval monastery the
dreams of their village, learned authors who refer all
to antiquity; to immerse it in the general mind where
th~t mind is scarce separable from what we have begun
to call 'the subconscious'; to liberate it from all that
comes of councils and committees, from the world as
it is seen from universities or from populous towns;
and that I might so believe I have murmured evocations
and frequented mediums, delighted in all that
displayed great problems through sensuous images or
exciting phrases, accepting from abstract schools but
a few technical words that are so old they seem but
broken architraves fallen amid bramble and grass, and
have put myself to school where all things are seen: A
Tenedo tacitae per amica silentia lunae. At one time
1 thought to prove my conclusions by quoting from
diaries where I have recorded certain strange events the
~oment they happened, but now I have changed my
mind-I will but say, like the Arab boy that became
Vizier: '0 brother, I have taken stock in the desert sand
and of the sayings of antiquity.'
343
Per c:.Amica Silentia Lunae
II
There is a letter of Goethe's, though I cannot remember
where, that explains evocation, though he was
but thinking of literature. He described som,e friend
who had complained of literary sterility as too intelligent.
One must allow the images to form with all their
associations before one criticises. 'If one is critical too
soon,' he wrote, 'they will not form at all.' If you
suspend the critical faculty, I have discovered, either
as the result of training, or, if you have the gift, ,by
passing into a slight trance, images pass rapidly before
you. If you can suspend also desire, and let them form
at their own will, your absorption becomes more complete
and they are more clear in colour, more precise in
articulation, and you and they begin to move in the
midst of what seems a powerful light. But the images
pass before you linked by certain associations, and
indeed in the first instance you have called them up
by their association with traditional forms and sounds.
You have discovered how, if you can but suspend will
and intellect, to bring up from the 'subconscious' anything
you already possess a fragment of. Those whQ,
follow the old rule keep their bodies still and their
minds awake and clear, dreading especially any con~
fusion between the images of the mind and the objects
of sense; they seek to become, as it were, polished
mlrrors.
I had no natural gift for this clear quiet, as I soon discovered,
for my mind is abnormally restless; and I was
seldom delighted by that sudden luminous definition of
344
eAnima eJV[undi
form which makes one understand almost in spite of
oneself that one is not merely imagining. I therefore invented
a new process. I had found that after evocation
my sleep became at moments full of light and form, all
that I h~d failed to find while awake; and I elaborated a
symbolism of natural objects that I might give myself
dreams during sleep, or rather visions, for they had
none of the confusion of dreams, by laying upon my
pillow or beside my bed certain flowers or leaves. Even
to-day, after twenty years, the exaltations and the messages
that came to me from bits of hawthorn or some
other plant seem, of all moments of my life, the happiest
and the wisest. After a time, perhaps because the novelty
wearing off, the symbol lost its power, or because
my work at the Irish Theatre became too exciting, my
sleep lost its responsiveness. I had fellow-scholars, and
now it was I and now they who made some discovery.
Before the mind's eye, whether in sleep or waking, came
images that one was to discover presently in some book
one had never read, and after looking in vain for explanation
to the current theory of forgotten personal
memory, I came to believe in a Great Memory passing
~m from generation to generation. But that was not
enough, for these images showed intention and choice.
They had a relation to what one knew and yet were an
extension of one's knowledge. If no mind was there,
why should I suddenly come upon salt and antimony,
upon the liquefaction of the gold, as they were understood
by the alchemists, or upon some detail of cabbalistic
symbolism verified at last by a leamed scholar from
his never-published manuscripts, and who can have put
345
Per e.Amica Silentia Lunae
together so ingeniously, working by some law of association
and yet with clear intention and personal application,
certain mythological images? They had shown
themselves to several minds, a fragment at. a time, and
had only shown their meaning when the puzzl~ picture
had been put together. The thought was again and again
before me that this study had created a contact or mingling
with minds who had followed a like study in some
other age, and that these minds still saw and thought
and chose. Our daily thought was certainly but the line
of foam at the shallow edge of a vast luminous s~a;
Henry More's Anima Mundi, Wordsworth's 'immortal
sea which brought us hither', and near whose edge
the children sport, and in that sea there were some who
swam or sailed, explorers who perhaps knew all its
shores.
III
I had always to compel myself to fix the imagination
upon the minds behind the personifications, and yet the
personifications were themselves living and vivid. The
minds that swayed these seemingly fluid images had
doubtless form, and those images themselves seemed,.
as it were, mirrored in a living substance whose form
is but change of form. From tradition and perception,
one thought of one's own life as symbolised by earth,
the place of heterogeneous things, the images as mirrored
in water, and the images themselves one could
divine but as air; and beyond it all there were, I felt
confident, certain aims and governing loves, the fire
that makes all simple. Yet the images themselves were
c:A.nima <!lv1'undi
fourfold, and one judged their meaning in part from the
predominance of one out of the four elements, or that
of the fifth element, the veil hiding another four, a bird
born out of the fire.
IV
We longed to know something-even if it were but
the family and Christian names-of those minds that
we could divine, and that yet remained always, as it
seemed, impersonal. The sense of contact came perhaps
but two or three times with clearness and certainty, but
it feft, among all to whom it came, some trace, a sudden
silence, as it were, in the midst of thought or perhaps
at moments of crisis a faint voice. Were our masters
right when they declared so solidly that we should be
content to know these presences that seemed friendly
and near but as 'the phantom' in Coleridge's poem, and
to think of them perhaps as having, as Saint Thomas
says, entered upon the eternal possession of themselves
in one single moment?
All look and likeness caught from earth,
All accident of kin and birth,
Had passed away. There was no trace
Of aught on that illumined face,
Upraised beneath the rifted stone,
But of one spirit all her own;
She, she herself and only she,
Shone through her body visibly.
v
One night I heard a voice that said: 'The love of God
for every human soul is infinite, for every human soul
347
'Per eAmica Silentia Lunae
is unique; no other can satisfy the same need in God.'
Our masters had not denied that personality outlives
the body or even that its rougher shape may cling to us
a while after death, but only that we should seek it in
those who are dead. Yet when I went among the countrypeople,
I found that they sought and found the old
fragilities, infirmities, physiognomies that living stirred
affection. The Spiddal knowledgeable man, who had
his knowledge from his sister's ghost, noticed every
Hallow-e' en, when he met her at the end of the garden,
that her hair was greyer. Had she perhaps to exhaust 4er
allotted years in the neighbourhood of her horne, having
died before her time? Because no authority seemed
greater than that of this knowledge running backward
to the beginning of the world, I began that study of
spiritism so despised by Stanislas de Gaeta, the one
eloquent learned scholar who has written of magic in
our generation.
VI
I know much that I could never have known had I not
learnt to consider in the after life what, there as here, is
rough and disjointed; nor have I found that the mediumS,.
in Connacht and Soho have anything I cannot find
some light on in Henry More, who was called during
his life the holiest man now walking upon the earth.
All souls have a vehicle or body, and when one has
said that with More and the Platonists one has escaped
from the abstract schools who seek always the power of
some Church or institution, and found oneself with great
poetry, and superstition which is but popular poetry, in
~nima ~undi
a pleasant, dangerous world. Beautyis indeed but bodily
life'in some ideal condition. The vehicle of the human
soul is what used to be called the animal spirits, and
Henry More quotes from Hippocrates this sentence:
'The mind of man is ... not nourished from meats and
drinks from the belly, but by a clear luminous substance
that redounds by separation from the blood.' These
animal spirits fill up all parts of the body and make up
the body of air, as certain writers of the seventeenth
century have called it.! The soul has a plastic power,
and can after death, or during life, should the vehicle
le~ve the body for a while, mould it to any shape it will
by an act of imagination, though the more unlike to the
habitual that shape is, the greater the effort. To living
and dead alike, the purity and abundance of the animal
spirits are a chief power. The soul can mould from these
an apparition clothed as if in life, and make it visible by
showing it to our mind's eye, or by building into its
substance certain particles drawn from the body of a
medium till it is as visible and tangible as any other object.
To help that building the ancients offered sheaves
of corn, fragrant gum, and the odour of fruit and
~owers, and the blood of victims. The half-materialised
• I This passage, I think, correctly represents the thought of Henry
More, but it would, I now believe, have corresponded better with
facts if I had described this 'clear luminous substance' as a sensematerial
envelope, moulded upon 'the body of air,' or true 'vehicle';
and if I had confined to it the words 'animal spirits.' It must, however,
be looked upon as surviving, for a time, the death of the
physical body. The spirits do not get from it the material from
which their forms are made, but their forms take light from it as
one candle takes light from another. I924.
349
Pcr C"!/1mica Silentia Lunae
vehicle slowly exudes from the skin in dull luminous
drops or condenses from a luminous cloud, the light
fading as weight and density increase. The witch, going
beyond the medium, offered to the slowly animating
phantom certain drops of her blood. The vehicle once
separate from the living man or woman may be moulded
by the souls of others as readily as by its own soul, and
even, it seems, by the souls of the living. It becomes a
part for a while of that stream of images which I have
compared to reflections upon water. But how does it
follow that souls who never have handled the modelling
tool or the brush make perfect images? Those materialisations
who imprint their powerful faces upon paraffin
wax, leave there sculpture that would have taken a good
artist, making and imagining, many hours. How did it
follow that an ignorant woman could, as Henry More
believed, project her vehicle in so good a likeness of a
hare that horse and hound and huntsman followed with
the bugle blowing? Is not the problem the same as of
those finely articulated scenes and patterns that come
out of the dark, seemingly completed in the winking of
an eye, as we are lying half asleep, and of all those elaborate
images that drift in moments of inspiration or
evocation before the mind's eye? Our animal spirits o~
vehicles are but, as it were, a condensation of the vehicle
of Anima Mundi, and give substance to its images in the
faint materialisation of our common thought, or more
grossly when a ghost is our visitor. It should be no
great feat, once those images have dipped into our
vehicle, to take their portraits in the photographic
camera. Henry More will have it that a hen scared by a
350
c:..Anima c!Jl;[undi
hawk when the cock is treading hatches out a hawkhea'ded
chicken (I am no stickler for the fact), because
before the soul of the unborn bird could give the shape
'the deeply impassioned fancy of the mother' called
from the general cistern of form a competing image.
'The soul of the world,' he runs on, 'interposes and insinuates
into all generations of things while the matter
is fluid and yielding, which would induce a man to
believe that she may not stand idle in the transformation
of the vehicle of the daemons, but assist the fancies and
d~sires, and so help to clothe them and to utter them
according to their own pleasures; or it may be sometimes
against their wills as the unwieldiness of the
mother's fancy forces upon her a monstrous birth.'
Though images appear to flow and drift, it may be that
we but change in our relation to them, now losing, now
finding with the shifting of our minds; and certainly
Henry More speaks by the book, in claiming that those
images may be hard to the right touch as 'pillars of
crystal' and as solidly coloured as our own to the right
eyes. Shelley, a good Platonist, seems in his earliest
work to set this general soul in the place of God, an
.opinion, one may find from More's friend Cudwonh,
!low affirmed, now combated by classic authority; but
More would steady us with a definition. The general
soul as apart from its vehicle is 'a substance incorporeal
but without sense and animadversion pervading the
whole matter of the universe and exercising a plastic
power therein, according to the sundry predispositions
and occasions, in the pans it works upon, raising such
phenomena in the world, by directing the parts of the
351
Per c.A..mica Silentia Lunae
matter and their motion, as cannot be resolved into
mere mechanical powers.' I must assume that 'sense 'and
animadversion,' perception and direction, are always
faculties of the individual soul, and that, as, Blake said,
'God only acts or is in existing beings or men.'
VII
The old theological conception of the individual soul
as bodiless or abstract led to what Henry More calls
'contradictory debate' as to how many angels 'colJ.ld
dance booted and spurred upon the point of a needle,'
and made it possible for rationalist physiology to persuade
us that our thought has no corporeal existence
but in the molecules of the brain. Shelley was of opinion
that the 'thoughts which are called real or external objects'
differed but in regularity of occurrence from 'hallucinations,
dreams and ideas of madmen,' and noticed
that he had dreamed, therefore lessening the difference,
'three several times between intervals of two or more
years the same precise dream.' If all our mental images
no less than apparitions (and I see no reason to distinguish)
are forms existing in the general vehicle of Anima.
Mundi, and mirrored in our particular vehicle, many
crooked things are made straight. I am persuaded that
a logical process, or a series of related images, has body
and period, and I think of Anima Mundi as a great pool
or garden where it moves through its allotted growth
like a great water-plant or fragrantly branches in the air.
Indeed as Spenser's Garden of Adonis:-
352
eAnima c!hfundi
There is the first seminary
Of all things that are born to live and die
According to their kynds.
The soul. by changes of 'vital congruity,' More says,
draws t<;> it a certain thought, and this thought draws by
its association the sequence of many thoughts, endowing
them with a life in the vehicle meted out according
to the intensity of the first perception. A seed is set
growing, and this growth may go on apart from the
power, apart even from the knowledge of the soul. If I
wish to 'transfer' a thought I may think, let us say, of
Cinderella's slipper, and my subject may see an old
woman coming out of a chimney; or going to sleep I
may wish to wake at seven o'clock and, though I never
think of it again, I shall wake upon the instant. The
thought has completed itself, certain acts oflogic, turns,
and knots in the stem have been accomplished out of
sight and out of reach, as it were. We are always starting
these parasitic vegetables and letting them coil beyond
our knowledge, and may become like that lady in Balzac
who, after a life of sanctity, plans upon her deathbed
to fly with her renounced lover. After death a
dream, a desire she had perhaps ceased to believe in,
perhaps ceased almost to remember,must have recurred
again and again with its anguish and its happiness.
We can only refuse to start the wandering sequence
or, if start it does, hold it in the intellectual light where
time gallops, and so keep it from slipping down into
the sluggish vehicle. The toil of the living is to free
themselves from an endless sequence of objects, and
that of the dead to free themselves from an endless
353
'Per e/1mica Silentia Lunae
sequence of thoughts. One sequence begets another,
and these have power because of all those things we'do,
not for their own sake but for an imagined good.
VIII
Spiritism, whether of folk-lore or of the seance-room,
the visions of Swedenborg, and the speculation of the
Platonists and Japanese plays, will have it that we may
see at certain roads and in certain houses old murders
acted over again, and in certain fields dead huntsmen
riding with horse and hound, or ancient armies fighting
above bones or ashes. We carry to Anima Mundi our
memory, and that memory is for a time our external
world; and all passionate moments recur again and
again, for passion desires its own recurrence more than
any event, and whatever there is of corresponding complacency
or remorse is our beginning of judgment; nor
do we remember only the events of life, for thoughts
bred of longing and of fear, all those parasitic vegetables
that have slipped through our fingers, come again
like a rope's end to smite us upon the face; and as Cornelius
Agrippa writes: 'We may dream ourselves to be
consumed in flame and persecuted by daemons,' and
certain spirits have complained that they would be hard
put to it to arouse those who died, believing they could
not awake till a trumpet shrilled. A ghost in a Japanese
play is set afire by a fantastic scruple, and though a
Buddhist priest explains that the fire would go out of
itself if the ghost but ceased to believe in it, it cannot
cease to believe. Cornelius Agrippa called such dream-
354
c::.Anima <!A1undi
ing souls hobgoblins, and when Hamlet refused the
bare bodkin because of what dreams may come, it was
from no mere literary fancy. The soul can indeed, it
appears, change these objects built about us by the
memory, as it may change its shape; but the greater the
change, the greater the effort and the sooner the return
to the habitual images. Doubtless in either case the
effort is often beyond its power. Years ago I was present
when a woman consulted Madame Blavatsky for a
friend who saw her newly-dead husband nightly as a
d~caying corpse and smelt the odour of the grave.
'When he was dying,' said Madame Blavatsky, 'he
thought the grave the end, and now that he is dead
cannot throw off that imagination.' A Brahmin once
told an actress friend of mine that he disliked acting,
because if a man died playing Hamlet, he wouid be
Hamlet in eternity. Yet after a time the soul partly frees
itself and becomes 'the shape-changer' of the legends,
and can cast, like the mediaeval magician, what illusions
it would. There is an Irish countryman in one of
Lady Gregory's books who had eaten with a stranger
on the road, and some while later vomited, to discover
.he had but eaten chopped-up grass. One thinks, too, of
,the spirits that show themselves in the images of wild
creatures.
IX
The dead, as the passionate necessity wears out,
come into a measure of freedom and may turn the
impulse of events, started while living, in some new
direction, but they cannot originate except through the
355
Per C!Amica Sile1ztia Lunae
living. Then gradually they perceive, although they
are still but living in their memories, harmonies, symbols,
and patterns, as though all were being refashioned
by an artist, and they are moved by emotions, sweet
for no imagined good but in themselves, like those of
children dancing in a ring; and I do not doubt that
they make love in that union which Swedenborg has
said is of the whole body and seems from far off an
incandescence. Hitherto shade has communicated with
shade in moments of common memory that recur like
the figures of a dance in terror or in joy, but now th~y
run together like to like, and their covens and fleets
have rhythm and pattern. This running together and
running of all to a centre, and yet without loss of
identity, has been prepared for by their exploration of
their moral life, of its beneficiaries and its victims, and
even of all its untrodden paths, and all their thoughts
have moulded the vehicle and become event and
circumstance.
x
There are two realities, the terrestrial and the condition
of fire'! All power is from the terrestrial condition"
for there all opposites meet and there only is the extreme
of choice possible, full freedom. And there th~
I When writing this essay I did not see how complete must be
the antithesis between man and Daimon. The repose of man is the
choice of the Daimon, and the repose of the Daimon the choice of
man; and what I have called man's terrestrial state the Daimon's
condition of fire. I might have seen this, as it all follows from the
words written by the beggar in The Hour-Glass upon the walls of
Babylon. 19:.14.
e./lnitna eJl1 undi
heterogeneous is, and evil, for evil is the strain one
upon another of opposites; but in the condition of fire
is all music and all rest. Between is the condition of
air where ~mages have but a borrowed life, that of
memory or that reflected upon them when they symbolise
c'olours and intensities of fire: the place of shades
who are 'in the whirl of those who are fading,' and who
cry like those amorous shades in the Japanese play:-
That we may acquire power
Even in our faint substance,
We will show forth even now,
And though it be but in a dream,
Our form of repentance.
After so many rhythmic beats the soul must cease to
desire its images, and can, as it were, close its eyes.
When all sequence comes to an end, time comes to
an end, and the soul puts on the rhythmic or spiritual
body or luminous body and contemplates all the events
of its memory and every possible impulse in an eternal
possession of itself in one single moment. That condition
is alone animate, all the rest is fantasy, and from
thence come all the passions and, some have held, the
very heat of the body.
Time drops in decay,
Like a candle burnt out,
And the mountains and woods
Have their day, have their day.
What one, in the rout
Of the fire-born moods,
Has fallen away?
357
Per r::.A.mica Silentia Lunae
XI
The soul cannot have much knowledge till it has
shaken off the habit of time and of place, ~ut till that
hour it must fix its attention upon what is near, thinking
of objects one after another as we run the' eye or
the finger over them. Its intellectual power cannot but
increase and alter as its perceptions grow simultaneous.
Yet even now we seem at moments to escape from time
in what we call prevision, and from place when we see
distant things in a dream and in concurrent dreams.
A couple of years ago, while in meditation, my head
seemed surrounded by a conventional sun's rays, and
when I went to bed I had a long dream of a woman
with her hair on fire. I awoke and lit a candle, and discovered
presently from the odour that in doing so I
had set my own hair on fire. I dreamed very lately that
I was writing a story, and at the same time I dreamed
that I was one of the characters in that story and seeking
to touch the heart of some girl in defiance of the
author's intention; and concurrently with all that, I was
as another self trying to strike with the button of a foil a
great china jar. The obscurity of the 'Prophetic Books'
of William Blake, which were composed in a state of
vision, comes almost wholly from these concurrent
dreams. Everybody has some story or some experience
of the sudden knowledge in sleep or waking of some
event, a misfortune for the most part, happening to
some friend far off.
eAnima <!}J;[undi
XII
The dead living in their memories are, I am persuaded,
the ,source of all that we call instinct, and it is
their love and their desire, all unknowing, that make
us drive beyond our reason, or in defiance of our
interest it may be; and it is the dream martens that, all
unknowing, are master-masons to the living martens
building about church windows their elaborate nests;
and in their turn, the phantoms are stung to a keener
delight from a concord between their luminous pure
vehicle and our strong senses. It were to reproach the
power or the beneficence of God, to believe those
children of Alexander, who died wretchedly, could not
throw an urnful to the heap, nor Caesarion I murdered
in childhood, whom Cleopatra bore to Caesar, nor the
brief-lived younger Pericles Aspasia bore-being so
nobly born.
XIII
Because even the most wise dead can but arrange
their memories as we arrange pieces upon a chessboard,
and obey remembered words alone, he who
would turn magician is forbidden by the Zoroastrian
dracle to change 'barbarous words' of invocation.
Communication with Anima Mundi is through the
association of thoughts or images or objects; and the
famous dead, and those of whom but a faint memory
lingers, can still-and it is for no other end that, all
unknowing, we value posthumous fame-tread the
I I have no better authority for Caesarion than Landor's play.
359
Per eAmica Silentia Lunae
corridor and take the empty chair. A glove and a name
can call their bearer; the shadows come to our elbow
amid their old undisturbed habitations, and 'materialisation'
itself is easier, it may be, among walls" or by rocks
and trees, that bring before their memory some moment
of emotion while they had still animate bodies.
Certainly the mother returns from the grave, and
with arms that may be visible and solid, for a hurried
moment, can comfort a neglected child or set the cradle
rocking; and in all ages men have known and affirmed
that when the soul is troubled, those that are a shade
and a song
live there,
And move like winds of light on dark and stormy air.
XIV
Awhile they live again those passionate moments,
not knowing they are dead, and then they know and
may awake or half awake to be our visitors. How is
their dream changed as time drops away and their
senses multiply? Does their stature alter, do their eyes
grow more brilliant? Certainly the dreams stay the
longer, the greater their passion when alive: Helen may
still open her chamber door to Paris or watch him froth
the wall, and know she is dreaming but because nights
and days are poignant or the stars unreckonably bright.
Surely of the passionate dead we can but cry in words
Ben Jonson meant for none but Shakespeare: 'So
rammed' are they 'with life they can but grow in life
with being.'
eAnima r!JV[undi
xv
The inflowing from their mirrored life, who themselves
receive it from the Condition of Fire, falls upon
the winding path called the Path of the Serpent, and
that infl'owing coming alike to men and to animals is
called natural. There is another inflow which is not
natural but intellectual, and is from the fire; and it descends
through souls who pass for a lengthy or a brief
period out of the mirror life, as we in sleep out of the
bodily life, and though it may fall upon a sleeping
serpent, it falls principally upon straight paths. In so
far as a man is like all other men, the inflow finds him
upon the winding path, and in so far as he is a saint or
sage, upon the straight path.
XVI
The Daimon, by using his mediatorial shades,
brings man again and again to the place of choice,
heightening temptation that the choice may be as final
as possible, imposing his own lucidity upon events,
leading his victim to whatever among works not impossible
is the most difficult. He sufFers with man as
some firm-souled man suffers with the woman he but
l~ves the better because she is extravagant and fickle.
His descending power is neither the winding nor the
straight line but zigzag, illuminating the passive and
active properties, the tree's two sorts of fruit: it is the
sudden lightning, for all his acts of power are instantaneous.
We perceive in a pulsation of the artery,
and after slowly decline.
Per eAmica Silentia Lunae
XVII
Each Daimon is drawn to whatever man or, if its
nature is more general, to whatever nation it most
differs from, and it shapes into its own image the antithetical
dream of man or nation. The Jews had already
shown by the precious metals, by the ostentatious
wealth of Solomon's temple, the passion that has made
them the money-lenders of the modern world. If they
had not been rapacious, lustful, narrow, and persecuting
beyond the people of their time, the incarnation
had been impossible; but it was an intellectual imp~se
from the Condition of Fire that shaped their antithetical
self into that of the classic world. So always it
is an impulse from some Daimon that gives to our
vague, unsatisfied desire, beauty, a meaning, and a
form all can accept.
XVIII
Only in rapid and subtle thought, or in faint accents
heard in the quiet of the mind, can the thought of the
spirit come to us but little changed; for a mind that
grasps objects simultaneously according to the degre~
of its liberation does not think the same thought wi*
the mind that sees objects one after another. The purpose
of most religious teaching, of the insistence upon
the submission to God's will above all, is to make certain
of the passivity of the vehicle where it is most pure
and most tenuous. When we are passive where the
vehicle is coarse, we become mediumistic, and the
spirits who mould themselves in that coarse vehicle can
eAnima cVVfundi
only rarely and with great difficulty speak their own
thoughts and keep their own memory. They are subject
to a kind of drunkenness and are stupefied, old
writers said, as if with honey, and readily mistake our
memory for their own, and believe themselves whom
and what we please. We bewilder and overmaster them,
for once they are among the perceptions of successive
objects, our reason, being but an instrument created
and sharpened by those objects, is stronger than their
intellect, and they can but repeat, with brief glimpses
from another state, our knowledge and our words.
XIX
A friend once dreamed that she saw many dragons
climbing upon the steep side of a cliff and continually
falling. Henry More thought that those who, after centuries
of life, failed to find the rhythmic body and to
pass into the Condition of Fire, were born again.
Edmund Spenser, who was among More's masters,
affirmed that nativity without giving it a cause:-
After that they agayne retoumed beene,
They in that garden planted be agayne,
And grow afresh, as they had never seene
Fleshy corruption, nor mortal payne.
Some thousand years so doen they ther remayne,
And then of rum are clad with other hew,
Or sent into the chaungeful world agayne,
Till thither they retoum where first they grew:
So, like a wheele, around they ronne from old to new.
Per eAmica Silentia Lunae
xx
But certainly it is always to the Condition of Fire,
where emotion is not brought to any sudden stop,
where there is neither wall nor gate, that we would rise;
and the mask plucked from the oak-tree is but my imagination
of rhythmic body. We may pray to that last
condition by any name so long as we do not pray to it
as a thing or a thought, and most prayers call it man
or woman or child:-
For Mercy has a human heart,
Pity a human face.
Within ourselves Reason and Will, who are the
man and woman, hold out towards a hidden altar a
laughing or crying child.
XXI
When I remember that Shelley calls our minds 'mirrors
of the fire for which all thirst,' I cannot but ask the
question all have asked, 'What or who has cracked the
mirror?' I begin to study the only self that I can know,
myself, and to wind the thread upon the pern again.
At certain moments, always unforeseen, I become
happy, most commonly when at hazard I have opened
some book of verse. Sometimes it is my own verse
when, instead of discovering new technical flaws, I read
with all the excitement of the first writing. Perhaps I
am sitting in some crowded restaurant, the open book
beside me, or closed, my excitement having overbrimmed
the page. I look at the strangers near as if I
eAnima cOJ;[undi
had known them all my life, and it seems strange that
I cannot speak to them: everything fills me with affection,
I have no longer any fears or any needs; I do not
even remember that this happy ~ood must come to
an end. It seems as if the vehicle had suddenly grown
pure and far extended and so luminous that the images
from Anima Mundi, embodied there and drunk with
that sweetness, would, like a country drunkard who
has thrown a wisp into his own thatch, bum up time.
It may be an hour before the mood passes, but
latterly I seem to understand that I enter upon it the
moment I cease to hate. I think the common condition
of our life is hatred-I know that this is so with meirritation
with public or private events or persons.
There is no great matter in forgetfulness of servants,
or the delays of tradesmen, but how forgive the illbreeding
of Carlyle, or the rhetoric of Swinburne, or
that woman who murmurs over the dinner-table the
opinion of her daily paper? And only a week ago last
Sunday, I hated the spaniel who disturbed a partridge
on her nest, a trout who took my bait and yet
broke away unhooked. The books say that our happin,.
ess comes from the opposite of hate, but I am not
ctrtain, for we may love unhappily. And plainly, when
I have closed a book too stirred to go on reading, and
in those brief intense visions of sleep, I have something
about me that, though it makes me love, is more like
innocence. I am in the place where the Daimon is, but
I do not think he is with me until I begin to make a
new personality, selecting among those images, seeking
always to satisfy a hunger grown out of conceit
Per eAmica Silentia Lunae
with daily diet; and yet as I write the words '1 select,' 1
am full of uncertainty, not kriowing when I am the
finger, when the clay. Once, twenty years ago, I seemed
to awake from sleep to find my body rigid; and to hear
a strange voice speaking these words through my lips
as through lips of stone: 'We make an image of rum
who sleeps, and it is not he who sleeps, and we call
it Emmanuel.'
XXII
As I go up and down my stair and pass the gil~ed
Moorish wedding-chest where I keep my 'barbarous
words,' I wonder will I take to them once more, for I
am baffied by those voices that still speak as to Odysseus
but as the bats; or now that I shall in a little be growing
old, to some kind of simple piety like that of an old
woman.
366
epilogue
EPILOGUE
My DEAR 'MAURICE'-I was often in France before
you were born or when you were but a
little child. When I went for the first or second time
Mallarme had just written: 'All our age is full of the
trembling of the veil of the Temple.' One met everywhere
young men of letters who talked of magic. A
distinguished English man of letters asked me to call
with him on Stanislas de Gaeta because he did not dare
go alone to that mysterious house. I met from time to
time, with the German poet Dauthendey, a grave Swede
whom I only discovered after years to have been
Strindberg, then looking for the philosophers' stone in
a lodging near the Luxembourg; and one day, in the
chambers of Stuart Merrill the poet, I spoke with a
young Arabic scholar who displayed a large, roughlymade
gold ring which had grown to the shape of his
finger. Its gold had no hardening alloy, he said, because
it was made by his master, a Jewish Rabbi, of
alchemical gold. My critical mind-was it friend or
i;:~nemy?-mocked, and yet I was delighted. Paris was
a~ legendary as Connacht. This new pride, that of
the adept, was added to the pride of the artist. Villiers
de l'lsle-Adam, the haughtiest of men, had but lately
died. I had read his Axel slowly and laboriously as one
reads a sacred book-my French was very bad-and
had applauded it upon the stage. As I could not follow
the spoken words, I was not bored even when Axel
Per c:A..mica Silentia Ltlnae
and the Commander discussed philosophy for a halfhour
instead of beginning their duel. If I felt impatient
it was only that they delayed the coming of the adept
Janus, for I hoped to recognise the moment when Axel
cries: 'I know that lamp, it was burning before Solomon';
or that other when he cries: 'As for living, our
servants will do that for us.'
The movement of letters had been haughty even
before Magic had touched it. Rimbaud had sung: 'Am
I an old maid that I should fear the embrace of death?'
And everywhere in Paris and in London young men
boasted of the garret, and claimed to have no need of
what the crowd values.
Last summer you, who were at the age I was when
first I heard of Mallarme and of Verlaine, spoke much
of the French poets young men and women read today.
Claude! I already somewhat knew,.but you read
to me for the first time from J ammes a dialogue between
a poet and a bird, that made us cry, and a whole
volume of Peguy's Mystere de fa Charite de Jeanne
d'Arc. Nothing remained the same but the preoccupation
with religion, for these poets submitted everything
to the Pope, and all, even Claude!, a proud
oratorical man, affirmed that they saw the world witJ~
the eyes of vine-dressers and charcoal-burners. It was
no longer the soul, self-moving and self-teachingthe
magical soul-but Mother France and Mother
Church.
Have not my thoughts run through a like round,
though I have not found my tradition in the Catholic
Church, which was not the Church of my childhood,
368
epilogue
but where the tradition is, as I believe, more universal
and more ancient?
W.B. Y.
May II, 1917
THE END