a point-to-point comparison between my life and the life of moll cutpurse, the queen-regent of misrule, the roaring girl, the benevolent tyrant of city thieves and city murderers, the bear lady
I'm born crazy in Barbican, four years after the defeat of the terrible Armada. I decide immediately to do what I want: have adventures as a highwayman instead of gossiping with a bunch of women liars, fight with a quarterstaff, destroy every fucking needle they try to give me. I'm the bear lady, the leather coated eyes, the tough brawler-queen of the jewels of the slums. If I was a man, I'd go down with Colonel Downe's men upon the road; I'd sail to the Spanish main with black velvet over my left eye black velvet over my crotch. Baiting, in the Bear Garden, is and will be my favorite sport. I learn to fight, cudgelplay, in all ways, take care of myself. My father's a stupid tailor.
My father hates me, tells me I have to be a woman and take service at a respectable saddler's. All he wants to do is rape me. I refuse. The shit arranges for his friends to kidnap me, throw me into the dungeon of a ship that's bound for Virginia. I'm a slave. I sit for an hour among the rats, the cold floor; I see a light slipping through a crack in the door, tighten my muscles, the bonds gone; I look quickly around, I escape. I run straight back to the Bear Garden.
(I don't remember anything about my early childhood. A quack doctor tells my mother she has to get pregnant get well she gets pregnant two days after she has me she has appendicitis. I hate everyone; everyone hates me. I don't know how to talk to other people and make friends. I'm wilder and stranger than anyone I know; my vegetable father wants me to be a boy and I don't want to be anything. My mother refuses to tell me who my father is.
(I meet a starving filmmaker the first person I feel I'm like I decide I'll be a writer. I don't want to be like my rich friends, then I'll be dead. My parents want me to marry a rich guy and get rid of me when I marry a typical slob. I hate their guts too. I want to be a tough sex motorcycle hood silver leather on a BMW I take shit from nobody.)
I meet the divers and rumpads of the town. The golden age of purse cutting. They invent pockets. The bulk bumps into the schnook, causes a disturbance. The file extracts the money with his long, nimble fingers, passes the bung to the attendant rub who scurries away before anyone cries out in terror.
Unfortunately or fortunately, I'm a poor file. My hands are formed for the quarterstaff, and the sword, not for such clever delicate operations. I'll risk my life freely as any slave, but it's a drag. I dream I'm in the black room, the dungeon; rats scurry up my cunt, nibble at my body; I scream, and scream, and scream.
(I have nightmares every night. About once a week I walk into the library throw all the books off the shelves I'm among shifting disappearing objects I black out for two weeks then realize I've blacked out. I'm queen because I fuck a lot I don't let anyone reach me. I smoke a lot of pot so I can fall asleep. At times I'm ecstatic I dance down long sloping hills I can't stop laughing.
(I leave my parents, then my husband, my career. I'm not very good at making money. I have two main problems: (1) how to earn $200 to $300 per month to eat, pay rent, without becoming a robot and with my clothes on (2) do what I want which is real, approaches reality. End of my life.)
I believe in nobility: sticking up for my friends, risking my life, when necessary: the last remnant of my femininity, a sort of motherliness, helps me solve disputes of the gang. I act kindly and stern: not a facade, but me. I'm trying to figure out what reality is. I begin to plan the robberies and I become the fence, not the cly-filer; the gang doesn't kick me out. I have to make myself more secure. I restore to the honest citizens of the city their lost jewels. They pay me well and I pay the gang.
(I think about fucking K. I'm too scared to speak to anyone I don't know well I get fucked over by D I haven't had close friends in too long a time. How do I stop this problem? I could descend to my usual place: I want to be alone. Better for me I should fuck someone I'd have to speak to him/her. I have to stop acting like I'm shy.)
I control my gang and the remotest details of my craft. I get rid of myself as a woman. The largest gang of pickpockets in London. I decide to sacrifice each member's freedom of action for his security. I can't run the gang any other way and I'm, above all, a good businessman. If a member of my gang misbehaves, I send him to the gallows. I'm king. I reward my faithful members: I never fail to save a friend from the huge black shadow of the hangman's noose. I myself never commit murder.
These are my actions: I order a regiment of heavers to lurk at the mercers' doors; at the first opportunity carry off the mercers' account-books and ledgers. For a while, the mercers pay heavily to obtain their books, I frown upon violence; I'm only interested in money. I wear a doublet and petticoat, I'm not interested in pretense; later, for comfort, I wear a great Dutch slop. If someone stands in my way, I draw my sharp sword. No one stops me. I frequent only the haunts of men and I'm celibate. I'm constantly drunk, shouting roaring obscenities; no one can daunt my endless madness which echoes through the grey and wet streets of the laughing city.
(I work hard I still can't sleep with who I want (1) I get refused (2) I'm too shy to speak to anyone if I work harder get famous then everyone will sleep with me I won't have to be so shy I'm tired I want to be the Virgin Mary with a steel bar stuck against my bloody cunt inside of me are red cocks like dogs, animals whiz down midnight buns on diamond motorcycles I start yelling)
These are my friends:
Captain Hind, the Regicides' constant enemy, pretends he's done what I have done. The notorious Moll Sack who emptied the vegetable Cromwell's pocket on the Mall. Crowder, who dresses as a bishop and steals the money of true penitents as they confess their sins to him. We are loyal to the dead. Ralph Briscoe, the clerk of Newgate Prison, and Gregory the Hangman are my truest friends: they've already cut off their cocks for me. They pack juries, get my men reprieves, when I wave my plain fingers.
I take my sex with animals. I give each of my dogs a trundle-bed, wrap them from the cold in sheets and blankets; I give them part of the gang's well-cooked food. Parrots fly through my black hairs, scream at me until I rub their red and yellow necks. I imagine I'm flying through the night, twirling screaming yelling, I'm the wind; no one can stop me or do anything but love me. (People should do what they want to do. P and I decide we're each other's best friend P will help support me the first few weeks we get to San Francisco because I'm regressing. Don't read books about schizophrenia. I want to read books about schizophrenia, especially Laing's books and the books from Kingsley Hall. I'm getting sick of pornography and murders which was all I used to be interested in. The skins around my eyes begin to itch: should I begin to remember (the familiarity of pain, pleasure, hides the original pain) D etc. dislike me?)
The shits try to arrest me three times but they're not going to succeed. (1) A stupid jack-in-office bumps into me, early morning; he thinks I'm a lady or some nonsense. He looks at my clothes, at me; insults me by questioning me. I'm in a good mood; I tell him who he is: a jackanapes, a mule with a pin for a pump. He drags me to jail, and, the next morning, his Honorable Ha Ha Mayor Shit-Ass Sir releases me. I have a boy of mine send a message to jack-in-office his rich uncle in Shropshire's just died: he's inherited a fortune. So much for that schmuck.
(A fat sadist at 7-11 grabs my comics you stuck your tongue out at me last time you were here I won't sell these to you that's against the law he's too stupid to talk to this is my store are you going to beat me up you look the type is that how you handle your grievances stupid-muscle-man get out of my store I'm going to stop writing. I can't write anymore.)
(2) Two of my men speak to a farmer whose pockets they know are well-lined. Chancery Lane. Another of my men improvises a quarrel at the tavern door which confuses the farmer. The first two men snatch the farmer's watch though they don't get his money. The next day the farmer journeys to see me; I promise him I'll try to find his watch. For a fat fee. The farmer turns sees his watch hanging on the back wall. I've become careless. A shit throws me into Newgate.
I never despair. First I demand the constable should keep the watch. I plead not guilty; I cry and sigh, oh, my watch and the farmer's watch are two different watches. The farmer demands to see my watch; the constable reaches into his pocket for the watch; no watch: one of my officers has stolen it. This is the most dangerous point in my life.
(3) Banks, the vinter of Cheapside, the queen who teaches his horse to dance and shoes his horse with silver, bets me 20 pounds I'll not ride from Charing Cross to Shoreditch astraddle on horseback: breeches, doublet, boots, spurs. I add "a trumpet and a banner." I do so, laughing, the black winds swirling about me; I'm invisible; when I reach Bishopsgate, an orange-slut cries "Moll Cutpurse on horseback!" A crowd surrounds me; alas! Some of the creeps want to kill me because I'm not wearing a skirt; others laugh and I laugh with them. To the left, the cops grab a debtor whose daughter, sobbing, lies half dead in the street; a party of drunken wedding revelers race over the child. The crowd turns away from me; I spur my proud horse, gain Newington by a hidden evil lane. I wait till the sky turns black, I turn black, I race to Shoreditch; peacefully turn home and collect my sweet 20 pounds. I have to figure out how to support myself.
The Court of Arches summons me how could I appear publicly in men's apparel? I'm a black dog; I have to stand in a white sheet at Paul's Cross during a Sunday service. I drink three quarts of sack, swagger off to the cross. Curse everyone who doesn't talk to me. I'm the black leather Virgin Mary. At this point I change my costume; for the rest of my life I wear only men's clothes.
(All I talk about is money I'm moving to San Francisco I don't know how I'm going to live in San Francisco model I'll become a famous pornographer ha ha if I don't get the money myself I'll die starvation alone on the street I'm out of money right now.)
All the above events are taken from myself and A Book of Scoundrels by Whibley.